 LONDON LIMNINGS. (Written expressly for the Sydney Morning Herald.) BY PETER 'POSSUM. A DAY AT KENSINGTON. WHEN the green, wooded slopes of Haverstock Hill were houseless, Chalk Farm at its foot, no doubt, was rural--in those days the cockneys could gather cowslips there, some of them more than "cinque- spotted" with the "crimson drops " that had fallen from the duellists who made Chalk Farm their Campus Martine. But now, in spite of the neighbourhood of Primrose Hill, anything less rural than Chalk Farm can scarcely be conceived; and, though it is a junction for converging railroads of thronged traffic, it is no longer celebrated for homicide. Where cattle used to graze, and the ploughman whistled, countless coal-trucks congregate, and the locomotive screams. Above other railway buildings towers an engine-rotunda, with a roof like a mightily magnified coolie's-hat; and over a maze of gleaming "metals" and cinder-littered "ballast," stretches a covered-in wooden bridge for passengers like a long rifle gallery. Narrow platforms fringe the lines of rails--crowded quays at which trains are ever pulling up, or past which earth-shaking trains are ever rushing, whilst officials and knowing amateurs join in a shrill chorus of "stand back!" The plat- form on which I descend is thronged with passengers for Kensington, for it is the anniversary of the Prince Consort's birthday, and the Horticultural Society's Gardens are thrown open to the public gratis. The train rumbles through the Primrose Hill tunnel (by the by, railway authorities are not always respecters of persons--they sometimes leave first- class passengers on this route to the chance of being Mullerised in a tunnel without a lamp), and presently pulls up at Kilburn. Thence it rattles between meadows and hedge-rows as tranquilly pastoral as if they were hundreds of miles away from town. Where the main line and the branch line form the bottom of a V, a vast amount of uncoupling and recouping of the engine, and back- warding and deceptive forwarding of the train, takes place--alarming to anile intelligences, whose owners lean half-out from the carriage-windows, like Pantaloons stuck in pantomime traps, and shriek objurgations on railroads in general, and the one, or ones, they are travelling on in particular. We come to no other grief, however, and after having traversed pastures new, slacken our speed as we plunge once more into the labyrinth of blackjaundiced London brick, and paltrily pretentious stucco. That is a sham which moves my special wrath--I am partially molli- fied when I see it dropping off in huge patches, as though ashamed of itself, from the slovenly brickwork it is plastered to hide, but cannot refrain from assisting, with the end of my walking-stick or the ferule of my umbrella, the inchoate moulting of the borrowed plumes. Why can't Brick honestly, confess itself to be Brick? It can look æsthetic enough when properly manipulated. Who for a moment can suppose stucco to be stone? I resent the stucco porticoes and facades of fashionable and suburban London as most impudent insults to my common sense. We range up alongside the red and white-chequered platform of the Kensington station. The brain-muddling nature of Bradshaw here finds a full excuse. What can the deftest systematiser make of a station in which the North and South London systems of railways blend their elements of bewilderment--whereat Lon- don, Brighton, and South Coast and Great Western carriages meet together--where trains from every- where, at both ends, are ever coming in--whence you can start for the Crystal Palace, Farringdon-street, Euston-square, Highbury, or Blackwall? The green-coated or green-waistcoated officials, how- ever, do not seem to labour under a very heavy seme of responsibility. One of the porters, a huge bulk of beef-and-beer-fed flesh, nicknamed, by his enviously comical, less corpulent compeers, the "Bargeman," spends his small leisure in playfully boxing those compeers ears, doubling them up by digs with his massive thumb in their comparatively scantily-covered ribs, and doing the gushingly polite, greatly to the disgust of skinny husbands, to well-favoured plebeian passengers. "Allow me to assist you," says the amusing whale, imitating as well as he can the haw-haw tone of swells who have given him "weasels," and selecting the lightest parcel out of a little load of luggage; and off he carries it, smiling condescendingly just as if he were conferring a favour, instead being in duty bound to put the whole load on his brawny shoulders; followed admiringly by the favoured fair one, and frowningly and pantingly by her jealous little worse half, who has to tug the rest of her traps to the carriages. I was able to watch rather longer than I liked in spite of the fun, the droll gallivanting of the clumsy creature, having been backed, shoved forward, and shunted, on my return to the station, for half an hour after the time at which my train ought to have left its precincts. Punctuality certainly is not the specialty of the Kensington railway arrangements. Another copy- slip-vaunted virtue, Patience, to wit, finds ample scope for its exercise in that omnigatherum depot. Turning out of the station into the Russell Road, I soon pass into Addison-place, and the pleasant park in which Addison found that a rich titled widow does not always make a pleasant wife--consoling himself under the discovery by walking up and down a gallery, with a frequently replenished tumbler of brandy and water awaiting him at each end. The brilliant bachelor essayist, who, amongst other in- valuable contributions to English literature, has left the best lifelet of the most delicate humourist of Queen Anne's time, also returns to life at sight of Holland House--in which his marvellous memory and steadily burning wit made Sydney Smith, somewhat enviously, wish for relieving "flashes of silence." I turn out of the old-fashioned Kensington High-street to see the house of another worshipper of Addison's good humour and good English, a votary greater than his god--the house which Thackeray had built for him in the "Queen Ann's style," which, in writing, he so inimitably imitated in Esmond, a house overlooking the green lawns and dusky clumps and avenues of trees where were wont to wander the Georges whom, and whose courtiers he has painted, as they were, with such ruthless truth, and yet, ever and anon, with such charitable or deeply sympathising pity, Lickspittle snobs have accused Thackeray of pandering to American prejudice in those Lectures on the Four Georges. The truth is, that in those lectures alone do the first two of the name appear in the least interesting, or is the third invested--poor, obstinate, honest wronghead--with anything like tragic dignity; whilst, as to the fourth, even Thackeray's scathing scorn can scarcely set Englishmen right in the world's eyes after having ever made fetish of that utterly contemptible thing. I brush by the perspiring guardsman painfully patrolling in front of the squat little Guard-house, and pass through the shabby little side door-way in the dingy wall into the plain but pleasant Kensington Gardens-- thinking of Dobbin in search of Amelia. Hard by the doorway leans an aged trunk clamped together with rusty iron bands, and looking at the other trees, erect and canopied with thick foliage, much as presently I see in the Horticultural Gardens old Chelsea pensioners glancing at young Blues. Under the trees, both in Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, there are patches of green as vividly verdant as the grass in Mr. Millais's "Apple Blossom" picture. August and July having changed characters this year, both in and around London, verdure has put on in August an eye-cooling freshness almost equal to that of its vernal virginity. More stucco when I turn out of Hyde-park gate--houses that might, perhaps, look magnificent in stone, but which have a thoroughly parvenu aspect in plaster. On the other side of the Prince Albert Road stretches the wall of the pleasaunce thrown open in honour of Prince Albert's birthday. It being a plebeian day at the Gardens, the road is fringed with a long line of stalls heaped high with apples, pears, and plums of all kinds, supple- mented with sliced pineapples and melons; gingerbeer vendors drive a briskly-popping trade, and a small detachment of "pots," in brief white aprons, stand sentry over glittering cans and pewters, and drawlingly enunciate, as if it were almost otiose to tout for custom on such a broiling day, "ale or porter." I go in by a portal about which policemen are buzzing drowsily like blue- bottles around a sugar-hogshead, and passing through a glass-covered, plant-lined arcade, whose fuchsia blossoms glow gloriously in the sunlight which pours down brighter and almost as hot as molten gold, I enter the gardens. Round them--or whatever else may be the proper geometric phrase for the boundaries of an irregular quadrangle (though that again is scarcely scientific)--run cooler arcades of masonry and terra-cotta--Lateran, Milanese, and Albani: some of them decorated with statuary, others having their quaint capitals wreathed with bush creepers, whose natural convolutions put to scorn the cunningness of carving. Above these arcades is a promenade, from which the towers of the Crystal Palace flashing, and the rich woods of Kent and Surrey sleeping, in the sun, may be dis- tinctly seen; but the promenade is closed to-day. So, too, is the Council room, in which otherwise royalty-worshipping Britons might derive the, to me, inexplicably thrilling delight of reading the signatures of Royal Fellows of the Royal Horticultural Society, on pages illuminated with the representations of flowers and fruits which make rather pretty puns: the Queen's, wreathed with the Victoria Regia; that of the King of Holland with the deep-green leaves and golden globes of the orange, and so forth, and so forth. In the Conservatory amongst Norfolk Island pines--Tom Thumbs in com- parison with that beneath whose branches love-making goes on in the Outer Sydney Botanical Gardens, but still very respectable little trees--tree-like rhododendrons, camphor plants, cot- ton plants, indiarubber plants, sensitive plants, Per- sian lilacs, and tropical ferns and palms, you might, aided by the tropical temperature of the place, fancy yourself thousands of miles away from Britain-- outside, be it remembered, the thermometer registers an almost tropical heat. The magnificent bananas far more magnificent than any I ever saw growing in the open air in New South Wales--real, tropical, tree- like bananas, with leaves as big as a Bandana-- which I see flourishing under jealously closed glass a little farther on, might, surely, to-day, be exposed al fresco without the slightest risk of damage. Most refreshing is the spray from the fountains, the murmur of the cascades. The knowledge that the water which supplies them has been pumped up from a depth of more than 400 feet, adds to the refrige- rating influence of the influents. The basins and canals, however, in spite of their Artesian source, are lukewarm, and when you see in them--maugre the white and yellow waterlilies also in them--Her Majesty's blue-moulded carp and their offspring, and Mr. Frank Buckland's young perch, you cannot help fancying that they must be half stewed, or quite fit to serve up as water-souchy. You pity the bronze statues that sentinel the main walk, because they can't perspire, and fear that the hatless statue of Prince Albert, overlooking the Gardens, will soon fall prostrate through a sun- stroke. In spite of the heat, however, hundreds are industriously threading the intricacies of the Maze-- persistently misdirected by mocking friends outside. There are thousands--some 150,000--in the Gardens. The gay dresses of a good many of the women folk almost throw into the shade the glittering water, the glowing turf, the variegated gravel, and the richly "ribboned" parterres; but, although not so nume- rously as last year, the real "people," down to its lowest grades, for whose benefit the Gardens are expressly opened, is represented in them. It does one good to note the enjoyment of the shabbily-clad proletaires--the scene is such a contrast to those in which they--"our conscripts," as Carlyle touchingly calls them--spend the bulk of their weary, woeful lives. It is pathetic, though, to listen to the lame attempts at explanation which some of the fathers of this class strive to give to their little ones of the wonders around them. Paternal pride will not suffer them to say that they don't know, and yet that they don't know a whit more than their youngsters is most painfully apparent. A good many better-clad people however, are quite as ignorant, but strive to hide their ignorance by an affectation of fine airs or cockneyism. They remark to one another on the "bee-yewtiful stativerry," and pretend not to have known that it was a free day, regretting bitterly that they have to mix with "common people," instead of, as they wish their interlocutors and chance listeners to infer, has hitherto been their experience in the Gardens, with the "hairystockrussy." There are many military uniforms amongst the mass of holiday-makers, the most interesting of them the long red coat, spangled with medals of historic battles, which cover the shrunk shanks and stooping shoulders of grey-haired, toothless old Chelsea pen- sioners, who, as I have hinted, beneath their dark caps, marked with "R. H." mumble criticisms which are not always complimentary, on the tall, stalwart horse-guards who stalk by, clanking their spurs and exhibiting their plump proportions in tight undress uniforms, which, especially in the part of the human frame which is queerly called the "seat of honour." At the other pole of life, another quaint uniform is exhibited. Through the Gardens marches mourn- fully a long line of solemn-visaged little charity children--the grenadiers not much over a yard high-- in muffin-caps, clerical bands, bobtails, and knee- breeches, poke bonnets, white tippets, and frocks like umbrella-cases. England, no doubt, can safely challenge the wide world to beat her in charity, but as certainly she "takes it out" of a good many recipients of her charity by making them look most hideous guys. In this respect Scotch charities,--Edinburgh ones, at any rate,-- are far more considerately managed. However, let us listen to the music, which, in martial bray, or sweetly sad operatic cadence, never ceases to sound. All day long the air of the gardens is made musical by all kinds of bands: Household brigade bands, Guards bands, Volun- teer bands, Police bands. Nor must I omit to chronicle the marvellous flow of beer, without which English- men seem to think no holiday complete. Throughout the gardens there are picnics at which brown stout is ever creaming out of fat black bottles; and if you wish to elbow your way up to the bar of the refreshment room, you must exercise the patience of a saint, and wait for half an hour. Nevertheless, every- body is good-tempered, and though the paths and lawns are thronged more thickly than Cheapside, not a flower is plucked, and not a twig is wilfully snapped. In conclusion, it may interest colonial readers to know that Sir Daniel Cooper is the treasurer of the Royal Horticultural Society, that in its fish-boxes Mr, Youl of Tasmania made experiments on salmon- roe, and that one of its most celebrated officers was the Dr. Lindley whose botanical collections Sir Charles Nicholson wants the University of Sydney to purchase. 