 TELEGRAMS T^|-^ Cable Messages O ' r/BEUTBB.'B 6PBCIAL TELKGBAMB.J LONDON, via Singapore, September 19, 8 p.m. Becdred in Sydney. September so, 8 p.m. ' The trial of the . accomplices who assisted Marshal Bazaine to escape from the fortress on the Isle Marguerite has terminated. The Governor of tile fortress was acquitted. Villette and Plantin were condemned to six months' imprisonment, and two other officials received alight sentences. The insurgents of New Orleans, who deposed Sovernor Kellogg, have submitted to the authority if the Washington Cabinet. LONDON, September IS, Beceired in Sydney, Beptembar 21, 1.40 a.m. The announcement of the appointment of. ilr. George Berkeley to the governorship of Western Australia (telegraphed on the 3rd instant) is con tradicted. LONDON, September 10. Beoeired In Sydney. September 21, 1.43 a.m. The Queensland mails -were delivered on Thurs day, the 17th ; and those via San Francisco, per Mikado, on yesterday, the 18th. The Turkish loan of £16,000,000 has been sub scribed. Berkeley's appointment as Governor of Western Australia is contradicted. Upwards of 80,000 bales of wool hare arrived. The corn market is languid. Home deliveries are large. Copper is steady, and prices are firm. Cash quotations for Australian copper range from £o7 to .£89. The tin market is strong, at a slight advance. Straits is quoted at £93 to £94, and Australian at £91 to £92. Arrivals. — Carlisle, Anazi, Reugemeu, Maid, Marian, Inverness, Andrea, Wilhelmine, Australian LONDON, via Singapore, September 19. Beceired ia Sydney, September SI, 8,12 a.m. It is alleged by the Carlists that bis Majesty the Czar has written to Don Carlos, expressing sympathy with his cause. Governor Kellogg, of New Orleans, has been re instated. President MacMahon has returned to Paris, after a tour through the Northern departments, ?where he was very cordially received. The Turkish loan has proved a great success. Several Danes have been expelled from Schles wig-Holstein by the German Government. 