 rEuK(lR4ilS THIS SAY Cable ; Messages [BXVTER'a SPECIAL TEMSWUMs/J LONDON, via Singapore February 6. Eec*rtd Ja fiyflnay, Tehrunry 7, IM a.m. fhe Oiieen's Spe^Ii At the^ening of Parliament the Qaeen'sSpeech WM*eM% commission. Her Majesty hai con- j tiauea tontoeive iecieiTe asenrances «if the friend- j shipof the€reat Powers, and teusto'that ieace will remain unbroken. CitasideringtheiiHportahce j of the principles involved, and tbe widely ? diV«Kent news .expressed at the Bruefele in ference, together with the improbability of a reconciliation or assimilation of ideas with . respect to the usages of w r, her Majesty has declined to respond to proposals for thetftrther consideration of the questions mooted at that meet ing. The question of the formal :«coRnition of Alphonso, King of Spain, is etill under the cod eider.ition of the European Powere, and «n early decision is promieed. Her Majesty trus- that bj the «3rertione. ot her. consular and naval ser vants to completely extinguish East African .slavery. The unhappy brand) between China a»d Japan, which threatened tho peace of the Eiist, hue been satisfactorily healed, and her Majesty is happyto say that this has been brought about .in— a great measure' tiy u«s tsxertlOiis und negotiations ' of her roprewjntatives in tbose countries, Duiinjr the past year a steady and prosperous progress has been made throughout her calonia) Empire. There has been a steady advance in the establishment of civil fiorerninent on the Gold Coast, and her Majesty trusts that henceforward freedom wiil»xist there. The rebellion, at the head of which was tlie chief. LariRlabete, has excited the nttentioa of Her Majesty's Government,; and Her Majesty anticipates the concurrence of Parliament in measures that will be presented to it for a more humane Bystem of administration of laws to the natives. The King and chiefs of Fiji having made a new offer o£ the cessioB of that group of islands, unfettered by any conditions, it has been accepted. The annexation of Fiji her Majesty deemed iudispensible, on account of the vast resources of the islands, and the immense ad vantages of the place as a station of rendezvous for the Pacific fleet. The ample condition of the finance is BRtisfactory. Tnide has somewhat fallen Ehort of that ef previous years, but the general prosperity, supported by an excellent harvest warrants the reduction of taxation. The excep-' , tlonal tern rary statutes affmjting Ireland will be brought under thenoticeof Parliament with a view to tneir abolition. Bills are announced relative to the exercise of the judicature. An improve-! rneut in working men's ^weilingrs will be at tempted, and new sanitary laws brought forward. The regulations affecting Friendly Societies will be amended, and the law* 'relating to jjferehan Shipping will be subject to legislation. /A bill for the better security against personal .violence will be submitted to Parliament, as well as one for the establishment of public prosecution. LONDON, via Singapore February 6. Beoeived in Bj-*ney February 7, 11.52 p.m. ' Fiji has been gazetted a separate colony. In the wool market;, the demand by manufacs turers is dull ; and private inquiry is insignificant, pending sales. ' . . The copper market is easier. Chili is quoted ot £82 to .£83 j Australian, £91 to £93. TUe tin market presents & quiet appearance. Straits, £91; Australian, .£00. Arrivals.— Patriarch, Strathdon, Thames, and Collingwood. 