 A HE IV AL OF THE CALIFOEXIAN 1 MAIL. ! [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS T1XEGEA3IS.) SYD.NET, HIUI June. The ZENLANDIA anchored i:I Sydney Harbo AT 12.30 to-day. LATEST EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS. LONDOX, 22nd May. The Paris correspondent telegraphs that Eng- i laud has communicated to trie foreign rcpresen- 1 tatives at London the ;;ext of her reply declining j to agree to the conclusions of the Berlin Con- ; ference. j The point to which England principally oh- j jects is the decision oi the three Powers, that in case their friendly intervention should not effect a pacification the six Powers unitedly would have to consider other and more efficacious mea sures. England thinks this declaration con'ains the principle of armed intervention, and is a menace to the liberty uud independence oi Turkey. It is stated that negotiations have been already commenced for a modification of this ds.rcia.ra- j tion, so as to iuduce England to sign the pro- j posals of the conference. | The Standard says-" We understand that | the admiral commanding the Channel Squadron | has received telegraphic instructions counter- ! manding the previous order for the squadron to proceed to Madeira, it being considered desirable to keep vessels in readiness to join the Mediter ranean Fieet, should an emergency require the presence of an ironclad fleet." j The turret-ship Monarch has already been j detached from the Channel Squadron to proceed 1 immediately to Malta. [ The admiral-superintendent of Malta Dock yard, who expected, under ordinary circum stances, to remain at Malta, will join the Mediterranean .Fleet on board the Monarch. The iron steam frigate Raleigh, 22 guns, now lying at Plymouth, has received orders to pre pare for sea with all despatch to proceed to the Mediterranean. The ironclad steamer Heetor, IS guns; and the armour-plated steamer Iron Duke, 14 guns, have been ordered to join the Channel Squad ron. A special despatch from Vienna reports that Russia is about to send five ironclads from Cronstadt to the iEgean Sea. In the Honse of Commons to-day, Mr. Disraeli, in reply to a question by Mr. Maurice Brookes, the libera! Home Ruler. as to whether lie inten ded to advise the Queen to extend mercy to persons imprisoned for breach of allegiance to Her Majesty, stated that only fifty persons re main in custody, and these were convicted of murder. -Six of them are now in English prisons, and the remainder in West Australia, under '.surveillance merely. Mr. Disraeli said, considering the circumstances, he could not now recommend an amnesty. Mr. John O'Connor I Powers, also a Home Ruler, strongly protes.ed 1 igaiast the Government course. Mr. George Anderson, of Glasgow, and Mr. Disraeli spoke in reply, upholding the action of the Ministry. After further observations, the subject of the Fenians was dropped. The scene during the de bate was very animated. 5 th May. Four of the crew of the ship Lenuie have been convicted of murder, and sentenced to be hanged. 11th May. In the House of Commons a vote of eensure in reference to the Queen's Title was rejected, after an animated discussion. 12th May. In the House of Commons last night the Liberals beat the Government by a decided majority on an important. Irish question, but this will not overturn the Government. la reference to the murders aboard the Cars well it is stated that the two mates were shot and the captaii? stabbed, tue steward was shot while coming up the companion ladder, and all four were tied together and thrown overboard; the captain and second mate not being quite dead. Mr. Smythie's motion for closing public houses on Sunday has passed the Commons. 21st May. On the arrival of the steamer Hessing from New York, Captain Stodart, late master of the Skerryvore, was arrested on landing upon a telegram from New York charging him with scuttling his vessel. Count Andrassy has said in conversation, " I am now able to state that the peace of Europe will sot be disturbed, and proposed reforms will be accepted by Europe and Turkey, and joyfully greeted by insurgents. 22nd May. Mr. Disraeli, in replying to a question, said to-day that the Government was unable to con cur in'the proposal of the northern powsrs for the pacification of the Turkish provinces, and that it was impossible to publish the proponl until it was communicated to the Porte. Mr Plimsoll's amendment o:&lt; the Merchant Shipping Bill, prohibiting the loading of decks with timber during tbe winter, has been carried. It is probable that Winslow will be remanded pending the termination of the correspondence between the United States and Englaad. 23rd May. The Standard says that the nuinbe of British irouciads in the Mediterranean will shortly be increased to nine. This, with other additions, will make the number of tbe Mediterrane.ta fleet twenty. The Lenuie mutineers were executed to-day. The Grent Northern Handicap was won by Polonaise, Orton second, aud Ham Fordham third. LONDON, 21st May. A Berlin despatch reports that the Chamber of Deputies has passed a bill adopting the Ger man as the official language in Russia, despite the vehement opposition of the Polish Depu ties. The Berlin journals publish an official adver tisement for the arrest of Count Arnim, in order that he may serve his term of imprisonment at Berlin. 23rd May. It is stated that the Northern powers have re solved to oroceed according to the programme o£ the Berlin conference, relative to Turkish reforms, without the co-operation of England and France. P.uus, 23rd May. The Radicals will shortly introduce a motion for the prosecution of the accomplices in the coup d'etat of 51. Le Piiys, commenting on Prince Napoleon's acceptance of the republic, remarks there is only one Communist the move since Napoleon will sit in the Chambers destined for both .Re publicans and Imperialists. LOSPOX, 19 th May. A despatch from liagusa savs the Turks have massacred a hundred inhabitants of Predet. The Bosnian troops were summoned, but arrived too late to prevent the massacre. A Vienna despatch says the mental condition of the Sultan causes great uneasiness. He is subject to delusions, fearing he will be burnt alive or poisoned. A special despatch from Athens mentions that nine prosecutions are to take pace iu Salonica. During the funeral of the murdered Consul, the men of the ships in the harbor of Salonica had orders to bombard the tuwn on the first signal in the event of disturbances. 23rd MAT. The Insurgents in Herzegovina, elated with their recent victories, now demand the absolute independence of Herzegovina and Bosnia, and scout the idc-a of an Armistice. They are actively preparing to proclaim a provisional Government A Vienna despatch says the Sultan of Turkey has confined the heir Presumptive and his brother to their on houses. A Times Berlin despatch says private advices from Vienna Hate that Count Andrassy is op posing the resolution proposed b;'a member of the Austrian Legislative body, forbidding Aus tria to occupy the insurgent provinces in Turkey. The adoption of such a resolution would he te encourage another power to pursue a selfish interest, The Government of Spain has granted the Carlist. exiles a further period of one month iu which to send in submissions. WASHINGTON, 21st May. It is now tolerably ceruu thai, the Senate will vote against its jurisdiction iu Belknap's impeachment case. General Medina has issued a proclamation as President of Honduras, making common cause with Guatemala, and declaring war against Sal vador. Optica was attacked by one of Medina's generals, but the enemy was repelled and routed. A thousand Guatemala troops were subsequently sent against Optica, which was' captured and burnt. A hotly and fiercely-contested battle began on the 11th April at Pasquinice, between the forces of General Solaris and the Salvadorians. which lasted three days, the battle being pro longed by reinforcements on both sides. The Salvadorians eventually routed Generals Del gado and N'iegurro. A number of officers were killed on both sides. The greatest consternation prevails among all classes iu Salvador over the defeat of the Re public. A serious riot occurred at New Orleans, in which one white man and three negroes were killed. A war of races is predicted. The following telegram was received prior to the departure of the Zealandia from San Fran cisco:-" Philadelphia, 22nd; May.-A dinner ha3 been given by the Commissioners of all the British colonies and dependencies ejthibittng, to the British commissioners at Farmont Park. The affair was highly successful. The Canadian commissioner occupied the chair; and Mr. Jeunings, of New South 'Wales, the vice-chair. The dinner comprised Australian wine and food" products, which were highly praised. Ncw Soai.h Wales and Queensland attract great at tention. Victoria, and South Australia will not be ready before .Tuoe,' their goods having been much damaged by salt water from the alltged attempt to scuttio tiie skerryvore." The Geographical Society's medal has been awarded to Mr. j oh;l Porrest. The Paris correspondent of the Timet gives particulars of a destructive Sre at Rouen. The opera ofHamlet" was about to be played at the Theatre of Arts, an i the actors had nearly all assembled, when the curtain caught fire from a. gas jet beyond. It speedily spread, and .i train of gunpowder next carried it to the rest of the theatre. The actors were dressing in their rooms at the time when the alarm was given. The outlet was insufficient for those un fortunate people who, stifled by the smoke and flame?, rushed to the door; bat the fire pene trated underneath the staircase, and the only means of escape was to jump out of window, at a height of a fourth or fifth story. A number of people collected outside, and mat trasses were hastily placed underneath for break ing the fall of those who were clinging on to the bars :.t the windows. The number of victims is not precisely known. Out of thirty-live soldiers belonging to the 74!h Kesriment, who were to figure iu the scene, the body of one was f.iuud dead and seven injured, two of t'nem severely, while tiie muster roli shows four others missing. The leader of the chorus was suffocated by the smoke while clinging to a window, and fell back into the flames Sixteen victims were taken to the hospital, and four expired as soon as they arrived. It is believed that twenty-five persons were killed or injured- ' LOUISVILLE. A serious railway accident has occurred at Hinckston station, on the Maryville line. A long spau bridge gave way under the weight of trai n, ana the engineers, having discovered the bridge trembling when one-fourth of the way over attempted to return, but were unable to do so. They then turned ou full head steam, and succeeded in getting very nearly over, when the timbers gave way. A passenger car fell into the water below, the bridge tumbling on to it, and thirty passengers were more or less injured. WILMINGTON, 22nd May. An explosion took place this morning at Dupboiii's Mill, killing four men. By an explosion at the Bergen Tunnel, Jersey City, nineteen houses were injured ami damaged to the amount of about a hundred thousand dollars. A large number of lawsuits have been com menced against the Iiailroad Company. 