 Fqotlight Flashes. OTJK SYDNEY THEATRES. «.* London Day by Day.' BLAND HOLT'S LATEST SUCCESS. «Tlio Colonel' at tlie Criterion. JOHN F. SHERIDAN AT THE GARRICK. ?Black Eyed Susan'— The End of ' My Jack'—' The Corslcnn Brothers'— Alliambrn Shows— The Vaudeville' Company — Sunday Amuse ments— Odd Notes From All Farts of the Globe. Inclomont weather does not nppoar to damp the ardor of theatro-goets, for there have boon good houses at most of tho principal re-orts Hurintr tho week 'We have plenty of thoatres InSjauey, bnti\o ha\o a population ^hicli supports them admirably So long as good plays well aotod are placed on the Btago, local managers hivio ver7 little to fcr from tho lesult &-dney audience? are discriminating, and it takes someUiiiijr really good to draw them. There are very few towns anywhero in the colonies or further afield where plays aro better mounted than in Sydney, and the com panies appearing are, as a rnlo, abovo the average. We have soon dramas produced in attention given to sconio effect than is tho case at our Sydney theatres. Even in London itself dramas are produced with hardly as much attention to detail. Of course there are notable exceptions, but we write now of tho general rule. Bland Holt's latest prodnction at tho Eoyal is London Day by Day, and it is one of those popular dramas which G. R. Sims and Pettitt delight in writinjr. It is totally different from the GoldenLadder, and yet oqually good in its way. To judge from some of the scenes pre Bented wo are inclined to think missionaries nro quito as urgently needed in London as in Madagascar, if not more so. The authors of Loiidun Day by Day have kept well to thior title, and have strung together a variety of striking incidents and exciting scenes, which make up an acceptable if somewhat improbable story. M'lio plot must bo well known by this time, aud Mr. Holt'seompanydofull justice to thopiece. Tho principal character is Harry Ascalon, a Jimiucial agont and money-lender of Hebrew extraction. Bland Holt plays this part, and the contrast between the jolly Confectioner of tho Golden ladder and Ascalon is great. Mr. Holt's make-up is perfect, and no one could possibly recognise in this 'schent per ecbenter ' the good-natured maker of lollies and pastry. ' Although Ascalon is an un doubted rascal, Jlr. Holt takes a humorous view of the character, and consequently he ie a favorite with the audience. The accont is perfect, and we have seldom seen a ' nose ' that can give Bland Holt's a start. Mr. Albert Norman has a powerful part in Henri de Belleville, a -villain, as a matter of course. Jlr. Norman has fow equals in such characters, and the howls and hisses he received on Saturday night clearly provod ho had made a hit in the part. Mr. Walter Howe gave a good rendering of the part of Frank Granvillo. A very well played character was Tom Galloway, a hansom cab man of sporting tendencies, by Mr. H. B. Roberts. He is very amusing, although it Eeems strange Tom Galloway should have a Epecial license to leave his cab at any moment he may please, and present himself in drawing rooms and artists' studios. Mr. J. P. West, as Peter Marks, tho Folioitor, is a decided addition to the cast. A special word of praise is duo fo Little Bnghtie Smith as Jack, a street Arab. She enters thoroughly into tho fnn of tho piece, and in the riot in Leicester Square caused roars of laughter as she belabored Ascalon with her crossing sweeper's hroom. Miss- Kate Eiehop played with her usual -refinement, naturalness, and good taste.the difficult role ofViolut Chester. Miss Blanche Lowis, as Maud Willonghby, had a character exactly suited to her, and Miss Vivienne had ample scope to exorcise her talents as Dolly Blossom. Miss Flora Anstead's Mrs. Blossom was per fect. The numerous minor parts wero well lilleil. Jlr. Georgo Gordon's scenery was Epiendiil. The change in tho first act from JL. _i\!__ _U Tltf ? 1... ? 1 /-,_ ? ;? mo uuicu ui itiuriis anu *_,o., iu tllC city,, to tho country scone, was cleverly done, and shows how stage management has been perfected oE late years. Violet Chester's studio is also a good set, but Leicester Square by night with the view of tho Alhambra is a triumph of ncenio art. Mr. Gordon was 'called' enthusiastically, and bowed his acknowledgments. All the artists met with a hearty reception, and Miss Kate Bishop was the recipient of Moral tributes. London Dan hj Vaii should havo a successful run, and fill the Koyal lor many nights to come. * . ? ? F. C Bnrnand's comedy, '/Vie Colonel, lias been produced at the Criterion, and seems to have caught on. The Colonel is by no means a new comedy. It was produced in London many voars ago, with Mr. Bruce as Colonel Wootweel W. Woodd , the part now played by Mr. Titherad'o It is in such comedies as this that the Brough and Boucicault company show to advantage. 'J'ho Colonel is written in Bnrnand's best style, nnd tho dialogue is effective. Mr. Titheradgo as The Colonol is excellent, and we doubt if the character has over been better played. His coolness and quiet self-confidence are amusing, and his quaint Americanisms are excellent;. Mr. Titheradgo again scores a distinct, success. Mr. Cecil Ward's Mr. For rester is well acted. We wore glad to welcome Mr. Koliert Brough hack once more, and in the character of Lambert Streyko he reappears with advantage. Mr. A. K. Lawrence is again with this company, and his Basil Gior Kione is another of those admirable ' per formances to which he has treated ns of late. Messrs. Owen Harris, G. L. Gordon, E. C. Corlesso and B. F. Henry fill tho remaining characters. Mrs. Eobert Brough's Mrs. Willoughby BlyOi is a well-acted part. Miss E. Jtomer, Miss B. Temple, Miss Brenda Gibson, and Miss Howard all act well, more especially Miss Gibson, who has mado rapid advancement in hor profession. The scenery is well painted, and the stage management, as usual at the Criterion, perfect. We can recommend The Colonel as a piece well worth Boeing, and it is acted as only- Messrs. Bronjhnnd Bonoicanlt's talented company could play it. Next Saturday Modern Wives, n three-act comedy by Ernest Warren, will be produced. * ? « 3[-l Jack will strike tho colors at Her Majesty's on Saturday night, and it hoa had a successful run. The next production will be 2Vie (Jorsican Brothers, for whioh Mr. Eignold has made great preparations. The Corsican Brother? is one of the best plays of its class. It abounds in thrilling situations, and affords ample scope for stage effect. Mr. Rignold is boted for mounting his plays well, and we hear he will introduce several new features Into the drama. Her Majesty's company have been rehearsing The CorHcan Brothers for tome time past, and the play will therefore be produced in the most complete manner. ? ' ? '?'?'?? * John F. Sheridan's season is fast drawing toacloseatthoGarrick, and we shall soon have to 'Kis3 mo good-bye and go' to Bridget O'Brien. Last week wo said it was a f)ity Air. Sheridan did not prodnco his bur esqne on Black-eyed Susan, which had such an enormous 'Success 'Jit' the Opera House, Melbourne. This piece bos been announced, for next Saturday, and it is sure to be a hit. Bheridanasthebold.badpirate ohief, who after wards becomes an admiral, is one of the best things he haseverdone. Miss Graoie Whitford is the Susan, and she 'has' some: charming' dances and tongs. jY/hon. John F. Shoridan appears in Scotch kilts we are open to bet there is not a dry eye. in the house— with' laughing. Meanwhile Mrs^O'Brien 'continues to laughand' joke and'ereato general merri ment. The pioco has had a' most sucobssfnl run, and it is satisfactoryito know Mr. Sheri Can will not leave the Garrick at present. .'; » _ ? -. -.„ :-. ?? . -# .. ?-..: The Alhambra Music Hall holds its own as » popular plaee of entertainment.' -Mr. Frank Smith k:;owa when'be has: a. trood company arouml ini' — il manaaes to keep them well twe:!i«v. The nnijrrnraino.'for .tnii weak; is njj lo.t!i%, MO..L £ia:idard, and th» varions. npooialties introduced arc unique in thoir way It is a difficult matter to bo constantly pro viding novelties m tho musio hall line, but at tho Alhambra thero is always something fresh. , The performance ib amusing without being vulgar, and thero is nothing said or done to shock the modesty oven of a Salvation Army leader. Tho managomont is good, and tho popular prices of admission aro a boon to tho public ' No wonder tho Alhambra is wall patronised, # ? a ? ? .Dan.Tracey's Vaudoville - Co. arodrawlng wellat the School of Arts, and this week we havo boon introduced to several novoltios. This company seem to have taken a long lease at tho 'School of Arts, and their season' has : extended into sovontecu weeks, with proBpeots. of getting well on to the scoro. ? ? ? ? Tho Misses Albu gave another Buceessfnl concert at the Town Hall on Saturday night, when there was a large audience Next Saturday they givo anotlict concert in the same hall when they will bo assisted by several wolll-no\,n artists. # ? » The Majeronis bonoSt' will shortly take place at Hor Maje ty 's Iheatre, » hich has boon kindly lent for tho occasion by Mi George Bignpld. An influential committee has' beon appointed, and every effort is being mado to' rmka tUo benefit a great success. Tho Maioronis are well-known throughout Aus tralia, and their acting has at all time's called forth the highest eulogisms from the Press and tho public A splendid programme has been arranged, and all the members of tho profession in the city have volun teered their s&rvi(.es So far as wo lm-\e boon able to- ascertain, the programme i\ ill be as follows :— Bland Holt and Company in an act of Transported for Life ; George Bignold and' Company, in tho second act of The Corsican Brothers ; Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's Company, in ouo aot of the piPce then plaj ing at the Criterion Messrs His cocks and Wil-on will assist Mr J F Sheridan and Miss Gracie Whitoford will sintr 'The Littlo Peach ;' Bovis Bros., in their act, tho Excelsior Quartette, Miss Whitoford, Miss Osborno, Mr. Imano, and Mr. Carr; the Tudors, in their act; Miss Colbourno Babor, Mrs;' Vanderveor Groan, Signor Eiccardo, M. ' Kowalski, Signor Pngnotti, and other artists. Signor Hazon will assist in mnsicalarrahgemonts, together with Mr. Frank Eugardo and the members of various orehostras in tho oity theatres. Tho benefit should be a success with such a host of talent appearing. The various theatrical managers and agents will also render every po3siblo aid, and we trust the publio will respond liberally. ? ? ? ? # ? Bondi, Coogee, and Botany attract many visitors every Sunday, and excellent concerts take place at each place. The Cyclorama is open still, and the Battle of Gettysburg rages furiously. # 8 # A N.Z. paper hinted that our only Lobr was to pilot tho Halles through Now Zealand on their next tour. Lohr says this is news to him, aud was surprised to learn .that such a statement had been made. Probably tho' wish of the writer was father to the thought, as Lohr is very popular in Maoriland, as indeed he is everywhere. ? « ? Manager Goodman looked particularly smilingly good tempered at the Eoyal tho other night. Perhaps' Goody had a good ' catch ' the Sunday before, or has he earned undying fame as an athlete by climb ing to the top of the Golden Ladder to see London Day by Day. The Montague-Turner season at tho Opera House, Brisbane, appears to havo been a success. Carmim- was produced last week, and tho Boo jiehano says : — ' The opera was well staged. Mr. Turner was an imposing brigadier, and Mr. Warwick Gainor did fnU justice to the music of the bull-fighter's part, giving the toreador's song with fine effect. Miss Montague exceeded expectations in her rendering of the part of the gipsy girl.' The Marian Willis Dramatic Company, during tho last week, gave Beveral excellent performances at Launccstou. East Lynne and the Lady of Lyons each constituted meritorious performances, the capabilities of Miss Marian Willis and Mr. Alfred Boothman being made especially apparent in the latter. The company proceed to Hobart this week. The Cinderella Pantomime Company, in cluding amongst its members Messrs. James Wilkinson, G. Hosford, W. Perman, Misses Sophie Harris, Bella Perman and many others, commence a season at the Academy of Music, Launcoston, on Monday evening next. Duncan M'Callum is in advance « * * Tho admirers of Mr. Hamish M'Cunn, tho youug Scotch composer, will (says the London correspondent of the Birmingham Post) bo glad to know that ho has now sot himself a task which will exhibit his musical genius at its highest development. Withiu the last fow days ho has signed a contract with Mr. D'Oyly Carte to write for him a grand opera, which is to be produced at tho uuw English Opera House before the end of the year. The subject of the opera will bo Scottish, and probably one of tho romantic incidents in her ijistory which mark the last two centuries. *: * * ? The autumn drama at Drury-lane will again bo from tho pens of Messrs. Augustus Harris and Henry Pettitt. The story will be ouu laid in England, and the time the present. Mr. D'Oyly Carte has declined to receive any remuneration from Her Majesty for the performance of The Gondoliers at Windsor. In Mr. Carte's eyes tho honor is sufficient re compense. Tho Queen, by tho way, has given orders for tho newly-erected theatre at Wind sor Castlo to be left in statu quo, which shows that Her Majesty meditates further 'corn- Mr. D'Oyly Carte has pnrohascd the English rights of tho recently successful opera La tiaroche. ' Tho Era says it will bo seen even tually at tho English Opera House, but we imagine the . Eeferee ia nearer the mark when it announces that it will follow Mr. Solomon'8 now opera at the Savoy. * * * Melbourne Theatres. — Princess', Old Guard; Opera House, Clara Merivale in Falka; Bijou, The Schoolmistress: Eoyal, Tranf ported for life, with tho Darrells in the leading parts ; Alexandra, The Wages of Sin. An Antony and Cleopntra war is raging in the States. Fanny Davenport and Sarah Bernhardt are rivalling each other in an Americanisod or French version of tho London play of Cleopatra; and Antony, surnamed Pastor, has buvlesqno sketches of it at his variety theatre. Both ladies havo 'carded' tho critics and each other — each vehemently olaiming to play Sardou's prescribed business, yet each presenting it differently. The enrda grow personal ; Sarah saying that Cleopatra was a tender woman and notnn obese wanton ; Fanny retorting that Egypt's Queen was not a lean, pinched womnn. Meanwhile, all this is advertisement on tho American plan, and thoir respective managers chuckle and cry ' Hi ! hi I ' to the combatants. # , ? ? Mr. Augustus ? Harris finding that he can run pantomime half the year round at Drury Lane, is going to see - whether ho 'cannot perform the same feat at two theatre? next year, and he has already engaged Miss Marie Loftns for bi3 principnl girl' at CoTeut Garden. ? ? ? . iMr. H. A. Jones' play. The Middleman, has suffered roughly at the hands of the Berlin critics. '?'..'.':'.,' .. ? ?.?';? ;i«1- ? '; '; Great as was the triumph seciirod by Tha Idler on its first performance at the St. James' Theatre, its author (who occupied one of tho boxes) contrived to ' keep bis head.' Among those who offered their congratulations wore a well-known and popular Duohoss, who declared .that she was charmed with the play, and . should toll all her friends to go and seo it. ' Thon madam,' said tbo dramatist, ' it ?will 'run' for ever'1— a noat impromptu, which does oreditto Mr. Haddon Chambers savoir faire. — Globe. : I.1 ? : . i ? ??.'.- . 1k ? ''?-?.-. «- :-. - „ If we are to believe the Era, and as it is usually called the actor's bible, why 'tis con formation strong as holy writ, both Mr. Henry Irving, and Sliss Ellen Terry were so moved by the . inherent pathos of the last scene in Charles I t'other night, that liquid pearls bedewed the alabaster cheek of the one, while as; for the other ' the big round tears coursed one'; another down his innocent nose, in piteoua choso.' The glasses used by the omnioient Bha critic must bo of double barrelled magnifying power, for the present writer wa« there and watched the said pretty Boene closely without discerning anything of these' 'tears, idle tears.' Can there bo a traitor in tbo Lyceum camp who thus makes capital out oi bi» »ay?loy«'»tobl» wwtkseu? 