 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. The Speech from the Throne at tbe open ing of Parliament wae nnusoally brief. It began with a touobing reference to the death of the Duke of Clarence and to the universality of the lympathy ehown to the Royal Family in its bereavement. Looal government for Ireland is to be the principle measure to be iotrodaoed by the Goveromeot daring the present session. Steps would also be taken to eeonre PariUmentary sanction ior asBiBina enncanoo in ireiana. Other business would inolade the introduction of a Small Holdings Bill, a District Councils Bill, a private bill concerning prooedure in Sootland, a Clergy Discipline Bill, bills to amend the Employers' Liability Act, and to relieve the English publio elementary schools from the payment of lo^sl rates, the amend ment of the Law of Evidence, and tb*- revision of the agreement between the Bank of England aod the Government. Iu reply to the criticisms of the Earl of Kitnberely in the Bouse of Lords, the Marquis of Salisbury declared that Great Britain would never surrender Egypt either to the supre macy of another Power or to the destruction that would fall upon it if left to itself. An extensive scheme for the conversion of New Sou lb Wales loans, attributed by report to Mr. M. R. Dibba, in oonneotion with his contemplated visit to London, is nya-ded in tbe city as impracticable. It is though* 'hat tbe *-te of borrowing is more likely to inoruase than to diminieh. The M'Carthyitea have rejected Mr. J hn Dillon's uominatiou for the la dershj , of the party. The Looal Government Board wi: inquire into the epidimic of influenza --n bebsif ot the Government, instead of the Royal Conimitsion recently proposed. The Royal Hotql, at New York, waa burned down on the 7th. Two hundred guctr s. em Elpyeee, and others usiding in the lie-u. we re orned to death. Maoy others lost their lives in jumping from tho windows. Newe has been received from Emiu Pasha to the effeot that while, on his journey. to Wedelei, in Equatorial Africa, be came acreas the track of Arab slave dealers. The Arabs were driving 1,200 slaves, scores of whom bad been killed ny the Arab slavers because tbey wore unable to traVnl. The Russian Jbws who havo already bean settled in the Argentilo Republic ate.desirous of returning to Russia. Sir Moreu Mackenzie, f he eminent specialist is dead, having ancoumbed to an attack of in fluenza. The Dowager Empress Frederick de clares she has lost one --f her dcaieet friends. ? Efforts are being made to secure theappoiot ment of Moueignor Gilbert as sncoessor to the late Cardinal Manning. The Bank of England has declined to grant the Austrian Government facilities to enable it to obtain 20,100,000 of gold to establish a gold cnrrency. Peaches from the Gape of Good Hope have been sold in London at 2s. each. The census of the whole of India shows that the population is 288.000,000 Mr. J. G. Blaine, the A merican Secretary of State, has declined nomination as a candi date for tbe Presidency of the United 8tares. Count Limbnrg 8|irum hue been dismissed - from tbe 'Germaa service for publicly criticis ing the| commercial treaties entered into by Germany with tbe other Powers. The oualivion Government of General Miure tud General Hook Jinb obtained a majority at tbe general eleorione jn the Argetw n ? Republic. Mr. Joseph Chauiheriain, M.P., baa bei-n eleoted leader of the Liberal Unionists in the Honse of Commons. It is announced that the Earl of Glasgow will succeed the Karl of Onslow as the Governor of New Zealand. Presid»nt Harrison s treatment of Chili has alienated from the United States the friendship of the Central and South American republics. London financiers ins st that for at l- a year Australia mas' borrow everything locally. The Priooeie of ioi warded a clvqae fori 1,300 lo Mrs. Grimwond, the r«so:i of a subscription started by the Priuces* auou alter Mrs. Grim wood'* terrible experience in Manipur. Tbe musicny of a high' born lady, named Ta Ta-Amen, who lived under tbe Pharaohs 2 400 years ago, was sold by. section in Loo don, and fetched £33. A scarab, with which aoKgyptain king killed 102 lions, sold f »r £12. A pair of gold brocelets takon from a tnummy realised £J1. Smuggled tobacco, if the.Cnscouih . fficer laid hauds upon it, waa consumed ic a f nacn known as the Queeu'e 'tobauoo pipe.' In tutors smuggled tobaoeo is to be dis'ri itred. in London among tbe inmates of iuatitutious supported, or partially aopporttd, at the ex pense of the Crown. Tbe export of coal from thrNortliuiiibir land mines for last week was 51.063 tons. Id tbe warren district exteusive damage has bean done by bu«h fir^s, Tbe Dora Dora blaoka are now sappoaed to be on the Bellinger, ' . The Mon»wai mode the voyage from Auck land to .Sydney in three days 16 hoars. The opiniou is hold at Wilcannie that tbe river Darling is likely to remain uavigable for boats of light draught for about three weeks longer. T Tbe Government iutecd to introdnoe before tbe end of the session a bill, the object of which is to facilitate tbe export qf meat. Poisoned water is being Used in the HUlaton district for the destruction of rabbits, la two weeks 17,000 rabbits died on one station. On Wednesday tbe estate ^of the late Sir Wilfiam Macley, was eworn .tor purposes of probate at £79 764 A ' fine block of silver ore hss arrived ia Sydney from Mount Stewarts Tbe.bLek, whiob weighs 6cwt., .is expected to yichl at tbe rate of 93 «-x* of silver to tits tou. . Some pieces of meteorite which fell near Alio Little River, in tbeBraidwood district, about eigbtyeara ago,' have-been fouud by Mr. J« hii Wallace, . J P. . Jt is intended 'teaeiid th«» to thy Chicago . Exhibition. . 