 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Information has beca received that the prcsiduut and ei* of tbe judges of tbe Supreme Court o[ Japan bavo beua aoossod oi t»rd pluying Mid ABBOciD-tiog with d&ncins cirls. In couswjueoce of waudal Viecoont Tftn&bo, the Japanese Minister of Justice, has resigned. The Goveinmeut is orderiog an inquiry to be I Tbe couatalile who arrested Dawaou, one ol the WalsaM so&rcbista have invented & new ipfcroal machine. He dcacrlbee it && having the appearance of a book, tbe oxplosire agent ?Hiiug bo arranged that it explodes with, great force on being turned over. The mnDOunOG luent has canted immence oxcitemBut. Anderson, a confince in Glasgow gaol, hma made a startling confoBeion. He etates tbat he was uaid to Desist in the murder of the e&rl of leitnm in 1678 and also in the mnrder of Lord Mouuttnorrea in 1880. Tbe police are making inquiries into Anderson's statements. Reports have been received which show that tho hot weatber now prevailing in America has been moat unexampled. At New York on Monday the thermometer registered 107 degrees in the- shade. In ooneequonoe of the inicoeo heat the carriage of mails and hone traffic generally have been entirely suspended. oat of 100 cases of buu stroke it is reported that 90 pareous have died. It ie also stated that there is a water famine at Chicago. Information has boon received that Mr. Wateon, a member of tbe Georgia State Legislature, has acetified tbe members of he House, including the Speaker, with bavng attempted to lecisUtte while drank. Mr. Watson, when making the charge in the Honse, was wildly hissed, bnt be persisted end ulti mately a committee was appointed to inresti g&te the matter. Prince Biamarck told the people of Jena, is S&xc-Weimftv.EiBcaach, ob Sunday, that bo had awora to loaad & Protestant German Empire, and would not accept help from tbe Catholic party, A return gives the total electorate of Great Britain and Ireland at 6,161,456, showing tbat one out of every eix of the population ia a voter. The Times says that it is imposible for Mr. Gladstone to deviac a policy which will enable him tolretaio bis majority. A stone coffin, containing the skeleton of an ancient Briton or Roman, has been unearthed at Dridgeness. The ektletoa poeseesed a grand eot of teeth, which arc still in a fine State of preservation, A Roman-British church has been discovered during excavations amongst the ancient ruins at Silcheaten. It most probably dates from the end of the fourth century, aud ifl believed to bo the oldest Christian Church yet die covered id BtitaiD. A faVaoage boy bar! his nose bitten off by % dog. The father sued the owner, a bookseller Md tho jury «irsrd-jrl the troy £(00, ud £160 b- him ; the defendant slao to pay tbe costs of the inquiry. A man and wife Bned a London hotel-keeper fi.r £1500, the value ot jewellery iuolnding i sapphire bracelet, which tbuy said was lost or etofen fiom the bnlel. The i^efendftnf: mM £30 into court, and set up a defouce under the Innkeepers' Act denying; liability in terms of - notice hang up in tho hotel. Flaintifis were awarded £800 damages. At an inquest held near Yoovil od a young woman who died from s&taral canaos, it mis stated that the parents had paid « herbalist to rid the deceased of a 'had wish,' believing that Bhe had boon ' overlooked.' Tho Roynl Commission began its inquiry last month iuto the plaguo of mice and voles in the touth of Scotland. For miles every greoa The Bow-streot magistrate has ruled that « man who, af£&r Tilsyioc a musical instrument or speaking in Hyde-Park, *' goes round with ihe hat/' is not » vagrant vitnin tbe meaning of the Act. A wfe&ltby ranch owner in ArU&nBu f tillov&d his wife, and seeing her enter a hotel with » companion fired at the man. The latter re turned tho firo. and several shots were quickly exchanged, with the result that both men were killed. Mr. Graver Cleveland has deliverer! a strong frcetrade sperchj liefuK 50,000 democrats in tude for AmericaD labour. Messrs. Chalfev Bros., of the Morray irriga tion colonies, will shortly issue £100,000 worth of first mortgage bonds paying interest at 5 per cent. It is feared in London that the rise in Aus tralian. Government stocks will lead to the early issue of loans. Any each step fa mooli deprecated by financiers. On her trial trip the New Zealand and Australian Steamship Co.'a new steamer War rimoo, built for tbe Australian trade, attained an average Bpeed uf 17 kuots. Owing to tbe ravages ? I mould aud vermin the prospects of the Euglisb hop harvest are gloomy. In tbu United States Senate a proposal bas been brought forward to ofTcr to Great Britain, Ot-raiaoy, and France a reduction of 25 per cont. on the duties od textiles, hardware, earthenware, and glass admitted from those countries, if they will egroo to the free coinage of silver, A Scottish dressmaker in Glasgow bas re covered £500 damages from two policeman (or wrongful arrest, as a person of baa oharacter. The Times, in commenting on the Village Settlement Bill introduced in the Victorian legislative Assembly, is not sanguine as to the attraction of village settlements to outweigh the influence of protection, of the pnhlio works system, or of the excitement of city life, which drawB rural labourers to the Australian cities. A local tradesman at Ballarat has started the manufacture ol boomerangs, and claims to be the only white man who has ever succeeded in making them as well as tbe Uacke. He is also an expert iu throwing them, having picked up the art as ft boy from tho aborigines. So well con he manipulate tho weapon that he was offered an engagement to travel with Sell's tircoa a few months ago. On Snnday, July 17th, a fatal accident happened to s little girl of 12, daughter of Mr. John Wilson, farmer, near Cudal, Orange. Tbe child was warming herself at a log fire with her eister, when her frock caught fire, She plunged into a water-bole near, bnt sot before ahe was very suverely burned. Tbe children had to go » distance of two miles to reach home, and the flesh of tbelfttle eirl.wM all crackod and broken through climbing fences. The child died on Tuesday fast Tbe doctor who was Bommuned from Cndal was deluged by s chanter of accidence. First, hin buggy capsized, throwing him on the road, tbe , , horse bolting ; tbeo when a fresh baggy was - . . bhUined the honmhied in or oasing* bridge,, and kicked the buggy to. pieobs.|pbo doctor . finally reached the farm the folJowffiiiiJjayjm , . horseback, '?'':-~-?'*-S$ ''':-' - A :n»nvphlet couWoing ilU'atrafiwS ot typm . of wool has been added to the teChhioal ywinw- ~: ?' tioneeruuof jratnMtioii bonks i«4u«i4 fooon- '?' ? VC . Motion vith the New Booth Wales WoparBnent^ : ; ttt .PabliiJmtnictiott. '?:.- '..?--.- ????' *S£jSvif-N;^ '.'?? dnced to the colony hy Uotn.i3;0^!m,. R * Ko», of.Kibi^ireet. ' It is nailed ibP$%ai£. '.?-?-; ,. . on-self-playjag-iither. Jt.po«£«MS|jaitieap;J . that &b «&-«-' A' ic»l, instrument *HS«£3*.y%-. :-- -imnAr/M£n»»V to tbn rithervhavbigJW4eter2j,, ? 'motes, or &n;'viMtl over. tW,:;«t$»|J8jy-§' ???.,',: iireaiing one. of these bars and ronnujg^h':; V tUfton-mef. Ibe i*mgO*rf«*-fj^rij|s/-^ns' ??:??.'*??;, ' lirodno^U^ptythisoonstraoiioii wjy|ne'{e-eii '.V . 