 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Letters appear in the Guardian this week frora Bishops Barry and Selwyo upon the resumption of the introduction of island labourers into Northern Queensland. Dr. Barry Bays that, although he is confident that Sir Samuel Griffith will try to remedy the abase of this traffic, he has grave fears that the Premier of Queensland will not succeed. Bisbon Selwvn. of Melanesia, temperately describee tbe Queensland traffic, and says that he coosiden it an abuse of words to call such a system 'slavery' or ' inhuman.' Serious abuses do Clint, but these are capable of re moval, n»k]Og the traffic a benefit to the islands and to Qaeenslind, The PariB Tempt, in commentinpjon the pro posed revival of kanaka labour in Queensland, taunts England -with permitting the committal of 'one of the most serious scandals which have snllied the reputation of mankind in modern time*.' In reply to a question in the House, Baron de WormB state that the Government declined to take the extreme course ol disallowing the Polynesian Labour Act of Queensland, but agreed to cable for the terms of the striogent regulations which he had bees informed were to be enforced. In London the opinion prevails- that Mr. Dibb's mission is an exhibition of want of con fidence in the Agents-General, who are com pletely pozzled to account for tbe object of the. New South Wales Premier's visit. Lord Knntaford, in replying to the Central Queensland Separation deputation, said, that he did not con- ider the question ripe for the. interference of the Imperial authorities- The proposals of Sir Samuel Griffith should be ag-in diBcnased. He thought these were « reasonable solution of tbe problem— that is to say, the establishment ot three provineial legislatures under one central Parliament. Lord Knutsford said he doubted whether the Crown bad power to divide the responsibility for the public dobt. Any clause miking «nch a division must be inserted in the Act passed by the Queensland Parliament. The Imperial Parliament would' certainly await fresh dis onraion of Sir Samuel Griffith's solution by federation instead of separation. If Sir Samuel Griffith e bill should be once again rejected, Lord Knutsford said that, doubtless, the Im perial Government and Parliament would be prepared to conBider the question. The Bap tut, the orpin of the Baptist de nomination, has abandoned the advocacy of Home Enle for Ireland, the conductors having become convinoed that an Irish Parliament. The editor of the Baptiit requested Mr. Glad stone to express his views upon the anti-Home Bole appeal of one thousand non-conformist Ministers in Ireland, bnt Mr. Gladstone de clined to comply with the editorial invitation. The freB export of oereaja from .Rossis, which' was interdicted during tbB famine, will shortly be resumed. '? ' ?:'''l -Advices from the East in reference' to the native rising in the Malay P«ninsnla fltkte that -this Sultan' of Fafaang, with 600 followers, i» operating against the rebels. MrrGItBetone'a refusal to receive a deputa tion from the meeting at Byde Palk in ad vocacy of eight hours has incensed the de mocrats in the various trades nuiona. Serious floods have ooourred at Peoria, in the State of Illinois, America. Great damage bas been done to property, and there has also been some loss of life. A Urge embankment at Peoria was destroyed. M. Loubet, the French Premier, has issued directions to person in the habit of storing and and using dynamite, entreating thorn to be careful that none of the explosive material in their possession iB stolen. He threats to im pose penalties in the case of persons guilty of culpable negligence in the care of dynamite. The petition of Frederick Bailey Deeming to tho Privy Council, praying for intervention in the Windsor case, has been dismissed. Anti-Jewish crusade under the leadership of the extreme Conservatives iB being fomented in Germany. A Jewish firm has bean openly charged with selling to the army half---mifiipn useless rifles, and faoodwinkint; the inspectors who passed the contract*. The press of Paris declares, in commenting on the fall of the Rudini Cabinet, that King Humbert ia confronted with one of two altar natives— either the Italian kingdom must dis arm or become bankrupt. It is reported that tbe Czar and Czarina; of Buaaia purpose starting from St. Petersburg on the 21st instantan a visit to the Emperor William. ? ' .'?'?'?? . - ? . In Chicago the body of a woman, which had been rabjectedto themutilttionsobirMWriBtio of the vVhitoobipel m'urden, has been found. Mr. Ssville Kent, inspector of 'fisheries, hu exhibited at .a, 'conversazione of the' Royal Society in London.,* splendid pearl produced by «o artificial prooeM, 'v A box containing' £400,000 hu been stolen from a parcels waggon on the Eastern Railway Company's line in^Frwce. It is reported. that Emin Pasha, who wm believed to be' suffering -from smallpox, is dead . A later message states coat be nu gone bliud. - The O-Shea Will case wbb settled by consent , of the parties. ' Sf re. Faroe!! agreed to hand over £60.000 of tbe £130,000 [or distribution amongst her children and relatives. Anne Hathaway's cottago at Stratfordon Avon, in which Shakeapere's wife was born, his been offered for sale. The Queen (siysthe World) isanxiotzs fora marriage to take place between Prince Qeorgc of Wales and his first cousin, Princess Alice o£ Hesse, daughter of the late Prinoets Alice. Mrs, Hargreave'sjewels were sold by.anctioa in London. While on view they were inspected by about 3000 daily. There WM« large orond at the sile. Three pearl pendants, with brilliant cups, sold for £416, and some brilliant earriuga fetched £660, making a total of £1076. Tbe jewels pnrcbaaed from Mrs. Osborne for £650 were a pair of earrings and. two of the petfrls.- '? \ Tho last giraffe living in the Zoological Gardens died recently. . The animals are rapidly becoming extinct, and not for fifty seven years has the Zoo been without at least one specimen. Owing to the difficulty of access to tbe Soudan, a long tun* msy elapse before another giraffe can be secured for the gardens. The skeleton of a fox hu been discovered under the thatch of a bnilding in the vicarage grounds at F»rningbam, Kent. A dozen years ago a fox hotly punned bv the hounds dis appeared on the roof, bat the vicarage people resolving that Reynard should have another chance for hii life, would not permit the hounds to enter the bnilding. During the football season, which recently dosed, there were 16 fatalities, and 100 other players received injury, 39 having legs broken. It is said that tho police think the White ohapel murderer ia now at Portland, under going SO.yean penal servitude for some other offence. . . ??.',. A man 'suffering' from reliinouB mania at tempted to orucify himself in Germany. There have been enormous catches of seals this yew. (Vessels are returning with 208,000 skins onboard. .. In cbcseqnence of an ontbreak of diphtheria tta :Poblio Bchool at Temora has been closed. It is expected that the Earl of Glasgow will arrive in' Sydney on the 23rd instant, and in Wellington at the end of the month. It has been decided to Bell the site of the old Central Police Court by -auction in one block. The City Council desires to secure the land. At lnverell great disappointment is felt at tbe rejection of - the proposed railway from lnverell to Glen Innes. A Lev fii d of gold is reported from1 between HiUgnne aud Wollomomba, the reef being 4ft wide. A gold rush has set in at Condobolio, and tbe town is nearly deserted in consequence of a rich reef having been discovered on the Errcbendcry run. The Broken Hill mines arc to be assessed on a nnn Rhillinff in the nound bafiis for muuicioal pnrpoBes. Last year the Proprietary Miue paid £983, but this year it will have to pay £3600. Iu accordance with the iustructiouu of the Minister for Lands, the departmental officials are preparing a coloured map of Sydney and its environs. A valuable fine of easily smelling carbonate ore has been made in the South uiiue of Bioken Hill. The quantity exposed is euid to be enormous. On Wednesday the annual meeting of the Australian Mutual Provident Society was held. The report showed that the largest amount uf during the year just closed. MeBsie. Meeks and Short have been chosen by ballot of mem bers as the two new directors. 