 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BT DAY. The German Emperor sent a gold watch to the ooxiwwn of tie Longbope lifebott, and £24 for the men, in recognition of their services in rescuing the crew of a Sonderlsnd steamer, of whom 11 went Germus. The Kaiaer's silver wedding presentation to tbe Cur mi a Eu«ii«n sword, the handle of richly. chased silver being mounted with tnrguoisea. wibb nays, anugQtGr oi a LiOnaon BOllonor, hu been awarded the Eoyal Humane Society's teatimonul on vellum for saving the life of a young lidy from drowning »t Addiscnmbe. Powers »re to be sought for tbe construction of an underground railway from Hampste&d to Cb'ringcrou. tbe lioe of raata following as near as pos&ible the main thoroughfares. There bos been on view in Liverpool the mommy of a priest of Phanoh'a and a contem porary of Moses, An Englishman wa» picked up in mid AtUotio by a passing vessel. He proved to be the uptain of sn English vessel which «t diwbled. Thinking it was about to sink, the orew took to bo»t» and ware drowned. The captain stuck to his post, and when the ship went to pieces seized a pieco of timber, to which ho held on for 12 hours battling with the violence of the waves. Paring the hearing «f a kw.euein Jjondon, it was declared tb.it Rcotsmen in London are foreigners, ' A cue which sought to establish tbe pie* that nilwiy companies are liable for the ufety of their passengers to tbe extent of protecting them from aanulto by fellow puBBDgers was decided in fivonr of the com ?»oy, the assault not being due to overcrowd ing, but the angry passions of the passengers. A singular action was dcoidad in the Blsck buni County Court. The plaintiff, io codsq queDce of » remark made by tbe curate, re solved never to attend bis ministrations again, and was never present when tbe curate was to preach. One Sunday tbe curate unexpectedly entered the pulpit, and the plaintiff made for tbe door to leave the churob. The door was looked, and he was kept in dating the aem-on. He sued the chnrebwardene for thie detention, olajming £5 damsges, aDd the Jndge gavo a verdiot for the amount claimed. A miser, reputed to be worth from £30,000 to £40.000, died from starvation at Wortanp. He lived alone iu » bouie, doing his own domestic work. A sect known u ' Israelites' are said to be preparing to migrate to Eogland from Ontario, being possessed with the idei that the world will shortly come to an end, and tbat England is the proper plaoe to be in when that evcut happeDB. A wife left her husband at Rsngamati. Tho latter complained to tbe Dewan, who save him 50 rnpees as compensation for his lo&B, and the wife was to be sold by notion to leoover the omonnt. Mr, Jacob, the jeweller, of Simla, India, has been acquitted of the charge mode against him by the Niwrn of Hyderabad of having criminally misappropriated 23 lakhs of rupees in connection with tbe purchase of A diamond. The visible supply of American wheat ia estimated at 64,000,000 bmhels. Connt von Caprivi, tbe German Chancellor, propoees to introduce a billiato the ReiehBtag to prevent sgrionltnnl labourer! flocking from the country into the large towns. Riisiia is building a military railway from Odessa to Kilia, a fortified town in Uessarabio. The Prince of Wales attended the marriace of Lady Spencer Churchill and a eou or Sir Samnel i Wilaon,1 M.P.. of Hnghenden Manor. The bride wore a dress of white eotio, edged with pearls. Her tiny pages wore picturesque Charles II, costumes in white silk. The brido ii a sister of '.tfrd Kaodoluh Churchill, who telegraphed hiB congratulations. A dinner to all the old folks over 60 yean of age was liven at Brurhtlingeen, in celebration of the lOfltb birthday of an old resident wbo ?in early life was ' pressed ' into the service of tbe Eoyal Navy. Tbe society wbieh aeekfl to diBOonrage thfr wearing of the plumage of birds on ladies' hats has taken effect. A professional fowler com plains that in the previous year he was asked to get 8000 gulls, but last year be has no' abot one, tho ladies' association having atopped the demand. A remarkable chalybeate spring has been dincovered in the lower greensand near Ampt hill, Beds. The spring ii said to be 17 times richer in tonic constituents than the best spring on the Continent. In tbe Eettering County Court ? man sued the organiser of a letter-conating competition for the prize of £10, which bo claimed to bave won. The Judge said there was not Buffioieot ' proof that the defendant bad paid away all tbe »nms promised, and as the plaintiff bad norreetiy oonnted the letters ' b ' and ?' i ' in the first 20 chapters of GenesiB, the Judge ordered the defendant to pay him £9 16s. 4d. and costs. 'Sameon, the strongman,' by standing on a raised platform, lifted two hnreeB and two mBn, weighing nearly two tons, by placing bis head through a oollar to which chainB were attached. A Norwegian giantHss, 8ft 4in. in height, and only ]6 years of age, is on exhibition in A man named Grand, charged in London with threatening to mnrder titled ladies unless they gave him £500, and also with forgery, , w&b sentenced to 20 years' penal servitude for the former offence, and *d additional sevea years for the latter. A -un.-nakiag company has been formed io Kansas, and will enter into controoti to provide rain in parched districts. A husband aold his wife to a man in Pan* (or £20, and received a bill for that amount. Ai tbe doonment was not met wbea due be sued the man for the amount, but the Judge decided that the bill wan nnll and void, as it hod been drawn for an illegal and improper purpose. Daring the earthquake iu Japan, a Buddhist temple filled with people ludaeuly eolUpsed, burying 60 worshippers. The debris taking fire, the sbrie&iug viatiros were consumed bo fore the eyes of tbe horr.-fied spectators. There were over WOO shocks. M. de Brass, the French explorer in the Congo region, has Bet nut ou « new expedition. It is understood tbat his object is «' Cud M. Crampel'a party, which was defeated by natives on tbe way to Lake Tchad. The London Stock Exchange payments into into the Bankers' Clearing Honse for fait year show a decline of £350,000.000. Tbe tot.l business of the Clearing Hones for tut year eh^ws » decline of /9S0, 000, 000. Valuable Beams of coal have been discof ered in Northamptonshire. ' . At Kalbe, m ?ooialist has been sentenced to three montha impriaoiuneiit for omitting to cheer tbe Emperor William on a piiblicoccs- . :«on. ' .'? :. ' . The death' is announced of Sir George - Biddell Airy.X-O.B., F.B.S.,l»t«Aitn-nomer ' Eoyal.'. . ? ' . ? . .' '.-?'? . The number of stook yarded at the Sydney .saleyards dnring 1891, was -112 222. head of ca.ttU.tnd 1,968,669 head of sheep. ' \. Another new oave hosbeeo discovered at . Yarrangobilly. : It ia'larger than' the Jersey .' «avi.r*ld.iS1S01? *nrpaaw-i it.in teantifnl for- - ;^!^rp»Urhai:beou.i.sueaby«i«inik*V . . Nirtli'QjeeDBland notify U)g «ban holders ..f ». . taJUtibe rate uf 30s. pei jbatt. Tbe raasli taa'beanm'inght redaction in the quoUtioM . ^'^^?wr J89L tbedecUrea Taln'o ol tbeim^rti at the Sydney Costom-bohM war,; ? £20,et0,7X and of the export! *16,232,449. For tbe previous year the amounU weiw — im- - port«I16,7B0,W8, axparta XI3,OM,7JC 