 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Sir Samuel Griffith hiving annoDOoed the withdrawal by Sir Thomas M'llwnith, Trea surer of Queensland, of tho language used by him in refereuco to dealings of the Bank of Erjgland with Queenslaod loons, the bank hiB r( samed its financial relations with the oolony. Prcaiiinnf Pimnh lion AanSAaA fn «wnaam,1-A the Arohbiehop of Aij anil another Prelate for dosliDu with pulitical mbieobi in their sermons. Mr. H. M. Stanley will be a candidate in the Liborel Unionist interest at the approaoh ing general elections. Mrs. Osborao has been released from gaol. Her condition is said to be critical. The Obitner annonnoes that Vicotmnt Gcrmanston will probably raooeed Sir Robert Hamilton as Governor of Tasmania. News from Equatorial Africa rtatea that Emin Pasha iB ill, and that he is returning to tha coast. His expedition has been decimated by famine and disease. A British expeditionary force in West Africa hu severely defeated tie natives, CtpUiu Roberta was killed. At Vilna, in W/ut Ruuria, 10 Jewesses have been charged with having mardend 66 newly born infants for the sike of profit The Central Theatre and the TtmetOffioe In Philadelphia have been burned down, nnd 200 persons were injured in escaping from tha theatre. The damage caused amon&ta to a million dollars. The brandy shipped at Melbourne in the ship Falls of Foyers, whioh sailed for London on December 16, has been landed in excellent condition. Experts are favourably impressed with it Mr. Gladstone hat written a letter to the London Trades Council explaining his refuttl to receive a deputation on the eight-hours question. The ex-Premier regards the proposal of a universal eight-hours law bb unripe. There is, he says, no likelihood of a serions discussion of the eubjeot in Parliament until the clauses affected by the change have shown that s uniform compulsory rule is applicable while the number of peraoos available lor em* ployment is unlimited. Further arrests of Anarchists have been made in Paris. Many Parisians are applying for police protection, and the force his been strengthened by 2000 men. The Spanish Government biff dissolved 22 Anarchist workmen's aooietiei in Bamloaa. Many arrests have been made, and arms and manifestoes have been teiisd It is estimated that there were half a million Deonle at the Hvde Park meetiuM od MhDiv. The anarchists held a separate meeting, and declared that the eight-boor* agitation wai ft fane. .* Welcome rains have fallea im a greater portion of Victoria and New South Wales. The personalty of the utate of the late Mr. Thomas Grins, cf Melbourne, hu been sworn - as under £99,000. At the Dubbo railway yard on the 4th a shunter named William Bolton, was crushed to death between the buffers of two trucks. A proposal to Btart a silk industry tn the North Auckland distriot is being considered by the New Zealand Government. Au area of 200 acres on the temporary common, nine- milos from Grafton, ha* been selected as a site fur the establishment of an aborigines home. There is distress among the cnahniners of the Newcastle district, as one half of thnse now there would suffice for the demands of the mines. What long strides in phyBioil progress would be made if one was reared with refer ence to giving his body th' best otre possible I As it is, many a mau spends more vital force iu digesting bis 6 o'clock dinner than he does in attentioo to his bnBinesa, and many a woman spends more nerve, vigor, and strength in con tending agaii'Bt the bad condition imposed by nnhygicmo fashions than ahe spends in any useful walk in life. If she would only con tend against them with refeenoe to freeing herself from their bondage it would be to some purpose. Nature is inexorable, and any viola tion of her laws, whether n»ne in -Tilfnlptssor ignorance, will surely meet with pnnishment. The laws which govern digestion are just as stern us those of gravitation. If a pemon does not suffer immediately from abasing his . stonutob, there will be a cutting off of the digestive faculties later in life. The stomaob, ' liver, heart, lungs, and kidneys are the organs most likely to give out, fur they are the ones most subject to abuse, particularly the first two. inen Headaches mane tneir praseaos felt . a pain is experiom od in the chest, baok or side, with a continual beaiiog dowu in the lower part of the loini ? coi s'ipation ensues, and defecation cannot be obt: ined without the use of violent puigative- ; the water becomes discoloured, and burns when rawing, and it frequently oily, muddy, or thick. Indigestion also sets in. and the f.md instead of being properly digested and n&aimilated ia meiely paBsed through the alimentary canal at tha the patient's eole risk. Nature's laws must be obeyed, or the greatist danger is inevitable. Where any unusnal se atim s paina or aches are experienced it ie piucif positive that aome thing ib wrong ; and as the tendency after manhoni] is always towards decay, prompt measures DinBt be adopted to resusuilate the diseased organs, and we can honestly reonm mend patients to use Clements Tonic Thu is a genuine article. Wo wish there were more patent medicines on the market of similar value ; it would be well for the world at Urge. Cleniems Tonio u huneBtly what it protease! to be, a scientific antedoto to the onuses nf diseases, of debility, impaired vitality or weak, neas of any kind. You can oall disease by what name you like, if il spring! from debilit ation of any kind Clumenti Tonic is the proper and only reliable remedy. Neuralgia ib one of the Brat and moat reliable aymptions of approaching uhyaioal deoay, and Mr, A. I. Scott, 'Daily Telegraph' offloe, Iaunosston, Turn an in tritrMa liia auAftmnmhnfc thn* ?— ** Hif. In juBtiae to yon, and iu the interest* of similar sufferers, I writs this in the nope that many In trouble may be indnoed to try Clements Tonio, also that the sals of inch a genuine artiole may bo increased. My wife was a dreadful snfferer f rum neuralgia for over twelve months, she bad all kinds of remedies without the slightest benefit, tnt after seeing Clements Tonio advertised in loos] papers for some time, I proonrcd a bottle, and »he found considerable benefit in two days, in fast felt better after the first few doses ; she continued Clemoute Tonic until onn and a half bottles wore taken, and now, I am thaokf ul to Bay, she is peifectly well and has had nowtnrn »f the pain, and we have great bojxg. that the . onro will prove permanont. Yon may uaothls ' unsolicited testimonial aB you may tfiink bat, ' j^ j ..- ana I-.will onJybetoo happy to givo,;*nller:;'.: *; . ,: mirticnlars at the above iddroai/'ii^Mto.': .- FiBoher, Bsq.. President, AwiodatioB Grapbic. V . Arts, Sy4ney,,srriteaandor. date ;Jaimary ,2V ?-„ .. ?;. 189h.'/VSaber:Btr«t,^ppUatil^.Jf.ti.W;-:;7: ? ? V DevSir,— Wataig*p and dbironiy Verandah t;,-1-: in the agonie. M neuralgia; i^mpathiaiini ? . )- ueigbbourtold mohpw ber.fiiojjierwuourod ? . ;. r ._ aftwyaOT^suffertnBaiid'^6wW|iw^eJn»nae.: ??'. . r- -. in 'mediaal inUn^t,,^!!^liimmU{?t^no^\, . : : ?: a'hongh no believer Jupai*nt:iineaioinl!a,'*J-«' ' . ihtreaiDg pain got ?tbe'foi'er'offliy.il'iejodtoiv -; _ ' ana'iIrtinkJtoa1y*Jr.au^;f*S«W**^i- P ''? Tirst botUogi™ me. ? picm«htiiouVihl-»aono ' ?*; , Wwitont;it»^:hrtr^;r6«wbeno »*-;;? V ?.:'.' anfforuij ium»mty.3';^nrjn'-3ett«i*';ia;.itheM ., ? . , -moat jniisf]i,^he'3noBt^ij|wuSvinKV33ieliiilyV '.' ? - '? thorenuiuoGlum-;n!«'HiiiVc:-fKo'urutKV»'iix c, ; i)u.'V^^ritouei|.;^ant-;'^:6-V;. ?;?.;-'??:'?;; /:' ' 