 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The great convention of the men of Ulster to protest against Home Role for belaud coot menced at Belfast on the 14th. The great hall, which was crowded, was gorgeously de corated, and there were 10,006 delegates pre* sent from all parts of the North of Ireland. The monster open air meeting in oonneotion with the convention was held in the Botanic Gardens on tbe 17th ioetanc, the Duke of Abcrcorn, C .B., presiding. The attendance was over 200,000. The place was decorated with the emblems of England, Ireland, Scot land and WaleB, and many patriotic mottoes. Many members of the Peerage and House of Commons were present. Telegrams of sym pathy were received from Amerioa and else where. The Archbirhop of Armagh, as well as representatives of the Presbyterian, Baptist and Wesleyan churches, spoke and moved motions, which were five in oamber, viz.,— let.-- 11 That it is desirable for the people of Ulster to adhere to tbe privileges which they enjoy under the kingdom and Parliament of Great Britain.' 2nd.— 41 That tbo people of Ulster are not prepared to Rooept an antonomy which is to be controlled by men who* are re sponsible for the crime and dishonesty which has stained the name*of Ireland, and who are merely instruments in tbe hands of the Roman Catholic clergy.' 'The third resolution ex presses the fear tbat disorder and bloodshed will be the result of any attempt to establish local govornment in Ireland. Tho fourth de clares that the present resUtenoe to Home Kulo is not a side issue. The fifth embodies an appeal to the Liberal Party in England to abandon their Home Role policy.' These were received by tho people with enthusiasm, tho audience rising and shontiog, ** We will not have Home Bale. ' Lord Erne declared that there was no place in a Dublin Parliament 1 for Ulster Loyalists. Another speaker said that, ob a last resource, they were prepared to defend themselves. At this the audience again rose and signified its agreement. The newspapers are greatly impressed with the fact that the movement nas not been pro moted by Oraugcmeo, and declares that tho crcut is without a parallel in this generation. A list of tho rign&tnresof the 8G4 Irish Non conformist ministers opposed to Homo Raid has boon pnblithed in response to Mr. Glad stone's denial that they were averse to Home Role. The British Parliament was .dissolved ou Tuesday (28th), and the election campaigns are in fall swing. . The Faerie hi Zcitung, a Berlin. journal, con siders that the return of Mr. Gladstone to power would tend to introduce a disturbing clement in Europe A bridge being built over tbe Licking River in Kentucky, U-&A., collapsed, percipitatioe the workmen into the river ; 40 wero drowned. A disastrous tornado has passed over Sonth Minnesota. Houses, schools, and farms were destroyed, trains Mown off the raffs, and num bers of people lulled. Similar disasters, ao* oompanied ny loss cf lite, have occurred in tbe provinces of Ontario' and Qaebec, in Cao&da. The late Ueoeral Gprdoa's. officers, number ing £0/ who. have arrived in -Egypt, state that Selim Bay, with 10,006 followews, has joined Captain Lngard, and has established a post on the shores of Lake Albert Nyansa. Unless order is restored at Pahang it is probable tbat the Ranb (Australian) mines will be sold. Fran oa has civon notioo to the Powers that sbe intends to blockade tho ooapfc of Dahomey. An epidemic of oholera in Persia is causing fearful ravages. Out of his winnings on tbe turf Baron Hirach has given £7000 for distribution amongst tbe London hospitals. Germany intends to build a strategic rail way from Carlsrube, tbo capital of Baden, into Lorraine. Owing to depression in his agricultural estates Earl Spencer has decided to sell the Althorp library. The Pope has conferred tbe order of Knight Commander of St. Gregory on Mr. W, B. Porcivil, Agent-General for New Zealand. British traders with India are avorso to the mono-metallism proposal, by virtue of which gold would be adopted as the sole basis of the Cndion currency. The King and Qneen of Italy, who are visit ing Germany, bare beeo met at Potsdam by the Emperor William and the Empress Au gusta Victoria* The Hasan native rising on the Afghan frontier is spreading, and it is reported that the llazaras navo obtained the rid of tbe Cos sacks at Pendjeh. Russia has disclaimed any action in connection with tbo rising. The president of tbe Oxford Boating Club is empowered to accept a challenge from an un beaten Australian University eight, the raoe to be rowed in September next on the Thames from Putney to Mortlake, about tho same time as the match between Oxford and either ¥ul& or Havard University. Prince Bismarck has bod an immense ovation at Munich. Replying to an interviewer at Vienna, he stated that war bctwocn France and Germany was ultimately inevitable. The Scottish Homo Rale Association baa seceded from Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Balfour has issued a manifesto in reply to Mr. Gladstone's. Lord Randolph Churchill has alsoissned one in which ho vigorously de nounces Home Rule. Whilst Mr. Gladstone was addressing a meeting at Chester, on 8atorday, a woman threw a loaf of bread at him, stmang him iu eyo and inflicting a wound. Mr. Dibbs is to interview Mr. Gosobon oa Wednesday, when he will lay before him a scheme for the conversion and consolidation of tbe New South Wales loans. Mr. Dibbs is verting the various loans into consols of one denomination bearing a uniform rate of interest. A riot took place at Cork on Sunday, many persons were injured and houses wreaked. The mob stoned W, O'Brieo and M. Hesly, A serious outbreak of cholera has ooonrred at Boon and Tifiis, in Sonth era Raaiia, and in Samarkand, Central Aria. ' Mr. Slattory has approved of a series of in- . restigations being made at Moss Vote into tbe qeeatioo of Worms ki sheep. At a meeting of the Opposition held on the tfith, it was decided to commence the campaign in tbe aeoood week of Inly. In 1 the Albnry District Court last week, Mary Hobson recovered a verdiot against Alexander Simpson, a. railway employee, for £200 for breach of promise and seduction. At tbe Central Criminal Court on the }8Vb Louis do Wayne, who on tbe previons day was fonnd guilty of having administered a noxious drug to a young woman for an unlawful pur pose( was sentenced to eight years* penal servitude. A sensational shooting tiffray occurred id Bellevne-street, Sarrey HilJa, on tbe 2Js- ulto A man rikmed Biohara Roakings shot his wife twice in the head with a revolver, and then wounded himself in tbe neck with the aim© weapon.' Hoskings succumbed to bis 'in juries toe next day, bat bis wife is improving.' AttbeOentralCrinjiuriConnAlbert'Cook, Oged 29, . who. bad been co&rictod oa four charges pf assaulting children under 12 yeara, 'jnt aenidnced to seven year*' pebri veiritod© oh leaoh 'charge of three charges, aud wri tbe ? -f;iurto was'ordered to undergo five years' |«eriAl . aerritbita and to ieoeive three 'private whip? ping' of 26 stroksis'ftAoh.';' jt Is uuden ux thovMr, 'Bee, tbu Coloulal Treasurer, favcnri aprbjt-ot^te-^natitu'e ? iBrate'the custodian all properties bone- roii'g whlcb ownerahip is .unknown' -cr in rinnbt. 'Manic/pal Council* h'svo.:beef- .rwju-e od. te; hspply a list of all properties wiLiiic mcoi 'jwraied areas for wbicb rate* have remained unpaid doring the past six yean. 