 LONDON AND SYDNEY, / DAT BY DAT. . Beynnlde'e Kenspaper oontaiua a furiotu article headod 'Gladstone's Blunders.' Itde. nounoes tho exclusion of JUdinls from the Liberal Cabiuet— which, it siys, lacks the confidence of the qeople. The doiths from cholera in Teheran, the ospitol of Persia, number, on ia average, 800 daily. The Vice-Governor and several Euro pean residents have sacenmbed to tbo Mvagsf of the epidemic The deat&B from cholera ra RuB&ui ooonnue at the rate of about SOO daily, Cboleru has now made itB appearance at Kiel, on the Baltic Sea, the principal naval port of Prussia' and alao at Botterrtnni, iu Holland. Extraordinary precautions juq being taken in London to preveut the suroud of the infect Cases oi cholera are ocourriog at various ports on the east coast of EngUnd on vessels arriving from the continent. Cholera continues to spread in Europe, and has now appeared in Schlebwig, and in the cities of Magdeburg (Saxony) NeoiUdt (Lower Austria}, and Pilssu {Bohemia). - The disease is reported to bo «te«dtly In creasing in lit. Petersburg, and a luge aomber of soldiers are dying, The total number of deatha from oholori in Rtuwii since the Bret outbreak of tlie difloue is estimated at 160,000. It is reported ttat a bill will in submitted to the German Ueichatag with the objoot of alleviating the obligations of the North (lerraau Lloyds Steamship Company by the tubstitntion of a new iervlo« to Sydney and Samoa, and other important ohangoB in tbe preMDt arrange* menta of the oompsuy. It is doubted whether the heavy subvention now paid by the Oerman Qovetmntnt to the oompany for their Aus^ traiian and Aeimtlo services will be nuiotwned, A wild heifer entered Hairardek Park, on Wednesday, and ohuged Mr. Gladstone, who was walking alone in the woods at the time, knocking bim down and trampling npoo htat. Fortunately the hornB of the beast turned ?side, and Mr, Gladstone thus escaped being gored. He snoceeded in effecting bu escape, and took refuge behind a tree, and although greatly shaken he dots not appear to have been. ' seriously hu-t, Tbe heifer then made off, but ? afterwards attacked auotheo man, and waa finally shot. Tbe Marqnis of S«liel)ury, in writing to Sir Charles JSn.n-Sroitb. the British Eenidant at Tangier, laments the (not that bis minion to Fez was thwarted from the Snt bv mis representations, into tbe Bource of which, ha , says, it is not ncceissry to inquire, Lord Salisbury,' however, clearly Indicates thsi Fnnce is the source referred to. BnssUn officials have been ordered to allot land to Afgban taking refuge ia Kaisisa territory. A shocking case of ornelty Is reported to- -. . \ hsve taken place at Fez, in Morocco. The SulUn'a eunuoh killed five boy slaves by pour ing boiling water on tneir heads. The Sultan has refttBed to puutah the eunuch (or. hisiii- human conduct. The Some Yremya, the semi-official Russian jourotl deolsren tlist Buasis wltt never con e'ent to recoKnifle Prince Ferdinand as ruler of Bulgaria. 6bockit of earthquake were expeiienced on the 18th in Sontb Wales, Cornwall, Devon shire, Worcestershire, and'Olouciaterahlre, Crookery waa brokeu aud furniture displaced by the shocks, and the people forsook thiir houses, being alarmed lest they should Ml. Earthquake shocks have been felt in Dublin, The clamour in India for ceasing the coinage of silver in the Mist is increasing. The Government's refusal to indicate a remedy has angered all tectionB, Mr. John Redmond proposes to send a de legate to AnBtralia to collect funds in aid o the evicted tenants. Thirty-alx silver minfs iu the Stato of Idaho (U.S.A.) hive stopped work owing to the de cline in the price of silver. Bya b're«t Sanira, a town of Oussel, ProSBia, half the plftce was destroyed. The Finaiunal Newg commends tbe policy «f Mr. P.lla.ico, Premier uf Ken Zealand, aB a great and grand departure, and declarea U»t the colony is on the bijfb rode to a oweer of eooeeBsful development. The tirra of Krupp and Co., of Kasen, Gerr many, is about to establish an ordnanqu faotorr Iu Bussu. News has reuhed Berlin to the effect that Baron Paul and four other leaden at a Herman punitive expedition iu Centra! Africa have been murdered at Kilimanjaro. Tbe depression in tbe cotton tnde In Lanca shire is acute. Many- mills have skipped . work. The marderers of Messrs. Harris and Stewart, of Brlabane, Australian officers, at Pahang, iu the Malay PeuinBulo, have been found g&iltv. Sentence was deferred. . Russia intends to bnild a railway from Samarcand to TashVenn, in Csntra) A.ia. The death is announced of Marshal da Foil seca, late president of the Brazilian Republic Influenza iB very prevalent inPeru, and ball the population of Lima, tbe capital, aud Callao, the chief seaport is affected. Au eight-oar race between English and French arewe will take place on the River Seine on 9lh October. The Frenchmen are the challengers. It is announced that the Canadian-Paalfis Company u able to transport troops from Halifax to Vanoouver at the rate of 12,000 men a day. Prinoe Ferdinand of Bulgaria, in tbe conree of an interview with Figaro, has Btated that it be fell it would be by the knife or hnltet of a Russian assasBiu, A woroon who was making a parachute de Boent from k b.lloon at Columbns, Ohio, fell a distance of 300ft and waa killed. A negress, 7B years of age, who was bora a slave, baa travelled all the way from Ameri ca to gratify a livelong desire to see the Queen, ' whom tbe filavefl regarded ob their mother. Since obtaining her freedom -Mrs. Martha Bix, for that ia her name, has been saving to defray tbe cost of the jaunny. She bos worked a quilt in white satin for presentation tn her Majesty. An effort wa« bBing aanfi to doable her to have an interview with the Qnwn, and tben the was to return to ber farm in Liberia, A little girl who had her nose nearly bitten off by a dog which she was . stroking in the street, woe awarded £25 damages at Croydoa. The cherry crop of Kent has been ennnnone, but prices obtained in London barely eafficed forthecostof gathering and oarriage. Twenty tons of strawberries were despatched in one day, principally to London, from the Sauivroa diatrict. - Two £5 notes weru stolen from a oburah-door; plate in Edinburgh recently, A ooDeotion »«» taken for foreign miasioDa as the oongrej(atiOB waB retiring. The two notes wore missed ftnm ? *.* tbe plate, but, owing to the orowd it the lobby, it was impossible to detent the th'iet. ' The ooiieotion bad been advertised in tbe Satur day's papers, aud tbis ie snppoaod to have attracted tjn thief. ? . '.-.?',? A derelict balloon (ell near DevitM. . Jt fcad ' evidently crowed the Oluwnel, on'd they were trades that it bid been intbe ew. Ko one , waain tbewr, the aujipntf ties' be%-tt«t ap.' . iooideuf bail befallen th» aerouanu. Intba. % ..-: car was half aoinoh piV«lfi-' ',:-?/',tv'i?f .*?;'' i 'iir'y '?' A young woman .knooked at i .ieaaefflo ».;.'* ?.« V North Londouiu thedeiaot ttenlsbV »-*?:.? ,-'.?; ing tol» infonhrtl of the whereabouts' ?i-f.v'UlB:.'^. -i:..,v oocnp«hl'« ?brother, 'who uaa'htir old-lover. '?'-!;? \. A« one would tiotjjo aw«y -she w«a given -uto ? ' ^ castoAy. . At tbe police iourt the prosecutor .-- '?' T--f used. divalftL 'the oddrau oftb'e yereiiu Jn» quired for. Tie ' magistrate aiauiissrd the y I'Dug woman ou her protMtfag »oi to i ejteat the annoyance', ami «he was loa out si cuurt in an hysterical condition. 