 LONDON AND SYD.V., , DAT BV DAT. Stringent measures are being adopted all over Kurope, and also iu America, for th» suppressiou of Anarchist and labour disturb atjces oil Mayday. ' The French Court , has decidfd tb.it 0 uatftve Mattbeica, M-ho Mas believed io be tlie. accomplice of llavachol, tholca- ierof the l\trib AuarciiUte, was inuocent of tbe dynamite ex ulnsinna in PAri« wViil .? Ti .-.vhoIh,] U transported tor life to New Calcdoula. MuuoZi the leader of the Spanish Anarchists who Was lately arrested, has confessed that- ho ? intended placing bombs in. tbe. holy-water basioB at the churches, and that lots were drawn to determiue who should kill Alfonso XIII the child King of Spain. A Bulgarisii note haa hoeu forwarded to the Porte, denouncing in bitter torme i}u- murder of Dr. Vulcuvitch, the Bulgarian diploiaatic agent iu CouFtantinoplp, It demands the ex- tradition of 8|iisl.insQo(T aud two brothers 'J'ufcktchreff, the uictdercre of Dr. VuJcovitch who arc sheltered \ty llussiu. It also demands the recognition ot Prinec Ferdiuaud as mier of Bulgaria, The Berlin press deel&ves tliLt sUtesmcu iu Kurope shudder at the weapons which Russia iB emploj-jug towards Bulgaria, The Governniebts of the leading powers on .the Continent have iuterdictcd street proces flions and demoustratinus ou May Day. Diansiroue floode are teporie.l from places in the State of Tennessee (U.S. A,), aud great lows of life ani dost-nicliou. oi proporty have been caused by the floods. Advices from Vahouginlhe Malay PcnhiMda state that tho head of Skwart, one of ' the Australian otfioials who wan murdered by the rebels, h*s been fouud, Stewart' « b--vdy. naa also the body of Harris, the otuer victiui,- are . still miesiop. Walter Deeming, a orolhtr of Frederick Rayley Deeuuug, «fios Albert WtJiinuii, now io MbfboQine 0-nd, has writt-eu to his Luother urging him to confer ihe tru'h. The steamer tfontnerrut has taken horde* pftrture from Francisco, California, her alleged destioatioo being the Gilbert Islands in the Pneifio, It is believed in Sao Francisco that the Moutserrathas been chartered to con- , vey a cargo of natives from tho Pacific Islands , to Guatemala, one of thurcpuhiic-s of Central America, where the labourers will he employed upon coffee plantations. The Hon, Patrick Grcvillu-Nugeut has been arrested upon a chargc of having oommitted an'ootrage upon Mies Mnrinn Price iu a first* class carriage on the Loudon and Brighton liue, and Iiob bren committed for trial, Tbe Daily Hcwe Btatce that an impreBsion prevails in the minds of member^ of tiie House of CummMistbat there wiii l»t i dicBiluvo,-] of Psrlifiincnt about the end of May ,ir ihe beginning of June, aud tb»t th*? gtnrral clvetiaus will take place about the etui of Juue. Dr. Canon, of Bsrlin, claims to have dis covered thu bacillus of nteaeics. Messrs Dalton Bros, uew fi'»ur mi-l at Orange was for mtriv opened on M«»uday Tenders for the cunstructiou of b railway line from Temora to Cootamundra will he called for at au early date, The estimated . cost is £140,000. It is feared that trouble will arise from a strike of pooler* and others «t Bro me Bay, Western Australia. On Monday a man named Tli' tnas Tooiiey . fell over the cliffs at the Fairy liower, M -t.-iy, for a distAiiee if -itlit., and ^-as kijlvd. The Wilcannia sttck inspector roprls that rabbits have almost totally ditfHppei(it:d from the south-woatern poitiou of tbe district. On Good Friday afternoon a bookmaker, named Arohihald M'Wilbain, shot his wife with a revolver, and then cninuutLed puieido. Tbe womau vbu^gh uerion&iy iujutci, im proving. 