 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The English Elections have so far resulted as follows : CouBervatives ... 233 I Liberals ... .. 217 Liberal Unionists 35 I Rationalists ... 42 | Farnedites ... 7 Salisbury ... 268 Gladstone... 26G Bitter opposition was shown towards the candidature uf Mr. H. M. Stanley for Lam* beth. Party papers printed the 'gory' passages from Mr. 6tauley's book ' In Darkest Africa.' The streets of Lambeth were pla carded with cartoons of Mr. Stanley hectoring the cowering natives, ' Mrs, Stanley delivered thrilling speeches in support of her husband's candidature. Mr. Stanley was defeated by 500 votes. An official intimation has been made, on be* half of tbe German Government, of tbe inten* tion to hold au international exhibition at Berlin during tbe year 1900. The employers io the boot trade have ordered a general lock-ont, owing to the trade union not stopping a atrike io the trade at Northampton. It is believed that 90,000 men will be thrown out of employment. Prinoe Bismarck is moderating the tone of his opposition towards the Emperor William and the policy of the German -Government, He disclaims the idea that he cherishes enmity towards Count von Caprivi, tbe Chancellor. The Inman liner City of Chicago has gone ashore near Einsale, on the Irish ooaat, during 1 a fog. The paBs'engers, numbering 400, were safely landed in boats. Sir M. H. bavies was on the deck of tbe Inman steamer City of Chicago when she struck near Kin&ale Bead. He was among the 200 passengers' who imme diately climbed a cliff 300ft* high by means of a ladder of rope, and thon tramped through fog and rain across tbe hills to Kinsale. At the final sitting of tbe congress of repre sentatives of British and Colonial Chambers of Commeroe motions were passed in favour of State-aided emigration, the decimal coinage, Imperial' penny postage, and tbe abolition of lighthouse dues. Mr. W. M'Millan, M.L.A., of Sydney, opposed Sir C. Tapper's amend ment at the Congress of Chambers of Com* meroe. He declared that tbe next election would show that New South Wales was In favour of freetrade. Sir C. Tapper's proposal be regarded as impracticable aud pettifogging. A commercial uuion waB impossible uoless based on freetrade. Mr. Medley's motion, affirming freetrade as the basis of commercial union, was carried by 47 votes to 34. The Queen's Bench action, Pillers v. Wynd ham Roper Curzon and wife, to recover £1000 on a promissory note, has ended iu a veidiuc for the plalutiff, tho Court holding that tbe husband alone was liable, as tbe wife was an infant when tho note was sigued. It ' was Btated in court that Mrs. Curzon was the ulti mate heiress to £10,000 a year iu the estate of Mr. James Bayue, of Adelaide. The proprietors of Le 3osj)Jiore Kgypticn, a French newspaper published at Cairu, have been fined £1000 for having libelled the Eu; ? lish doctors employed in the hospital at that place. Tlie Eing of Houinania, wh«v is -on a visit to England, has received the Order of the Garter. The Marquis of Dtogbeda has died suddenly from apoplexy. A most disastrous fire has occurred at St. John's, tbe commercial capital of tbe provinoe of Newfoundland. Tho fire broke oat ou Friday night l&st, and spread with great . rapidity. The Parliamentary BuildingB end Government House, the' Government offices, tbe Protectant and Roman Catholic Cathedrals the Methodist College, tlie Masonic Temple, and. hundreds of factories and houses were de* strayed. The fire originated in a match beuig dropped in a barn, and the flames spread : with terrible rapidity, all attempts to extinguish them being futile, and the progress of the (ire was ouly stopped when nothing mere was left to burn, aod two.thirde of the city bad been destroyed. Three thousand people have been rendered homeless by the fire, and six are re ported to have been killed. The damage is estimated at about £4,000,000. It. is understood that there is a movement among tbe members of the Koyal Family for conferring a high honour on Mr. DibbB. Cholera is spreading rapidly in Western and Central Russia, Tho Eassians are reported to be advancing in the Pamirs, and encroaching on Afghan territory. iteinforcemeuts have been sent to the French settlements on the Dahomey coast of West Africa. The Dahomayans are reported td have destroyed a Catholic mission and burned six * priests aud three nuns, It is intended to abolish an ancient corpora*, tion kuown as tbe 44 Naval Knights of Wind* sor,' which had bccomc au auacbroniBm. In 1724 some one left a goodly sum to found the charity. The Admiralty will in future speud the money in pensions. The Albert Medal of the Society of Arts for the present year has been awarded to Mr„ Edison, in consideration of the distinguished services rendered by bim in the progress of electric lighting, telegraphy, and the telephone. Last year only five passengers were killed oa all the railways mtbe United Kingdom ; while 147 people were ran over and killed in the streets of London. A Leeds clerk, who was arrested for robbing has made a confession that he had three wives, living. The alligator at the Crystal Palace is said to have fasted over 18 months. A couple of inmates have celebrated their golden wedding in Spilsby workhouse. There was a wedding feast and a special service in. the ohapcl, A woman who has jast died in Dnndeo con fessed in her last moments that she was the mnrderer of a domestic servant 30 years ago iu Glasgow, for whom another woman was. sentencud to death, but subsequently respited, and served 16 years iu gaol. The crime at the time was shrouded in mystery. One or -two cases uf cholera have ooenrred in Paris from drinking the impure water of the Seine. ? A man aged 1 10 recently died in West Cork, ' An important constitutional question re* ' . gardiug .the appointment of colonial Judges lias recently been decidedly the Ptivy Council —namely, -that the Governor of New Zealand, had no power to appoint new Judces without the assent of the Colonial 'Parliament, or to appoiut them at all without providing for the payment of the statutory salary. .The N.S, Wales Government' have accepted the proffered 50,000ft, of space at the Chicagp Exhibition. As a result oftbe ? visit of inspection along ' the Northern line, tho ItaiJway Commissioners have decided to recommend ^additional work, snch as sleepering aud relayipgof rails, to the extent of nearly £50,000. ?j(,. ' A new gold deposit 'bss been discovered at Springwood, on tbe Blue Mountains, aud is the .nearest gold find to Sydney, v ..Some workmen, while making an excavation in f^nt of the Town Hall *on Tuesday, for the foundation of the .portiooi %ere -rather no. pleasantly made aware of the former existence nf the cathedral cemetery. 'About 9tf.'from - ' t£e/suifi-ce two coffin* were met witb. ' The wood' was fopnd to be very, much decayed; ? and ou being'opened the.comns were;ifuubd to . be^uli of water. ' Notraoe of the b-^y oould - .- ??-: beaeen. '???? ? T'be mines affected by tbt Biokefl flill strike are:the Proprietflty, - tho. aritiab/. Block .lO, Centra), Sooth, Ivorth Junction^'and Bonnd - Will The smelter* a'ld Vurfacevemidbyees at $ro,4ninc0.b*ve uUo decided'^oetHke, Alto* gtfier-saUiut 6IKK) meu «re';out.::jTt ,i* esif. itiHte& ihat 1000 ininers'-have left ainoe the po-im»uuccmeui ot Uie,strike,v 