 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. ? General Booth, in a letter addressed to the newspapers, declares tint by the report of Lord Onslow's committee he is for ever freed from the snspicions which htve been raised against him. He reiterates bis appeal for f 00.000 for Mb Dukest England scheme, end states bis intention of proceeding with tho oversea colony part of £ho plan Bbonld the Huuiiwuu (ouuey ne requires oe BUDHcnDea. He mates that he mu»t defer the apjioinlinent of additional trustees, FUgige&tAd by tho cum mittee, .as at the present juncture it would be unwise to appoint them. Archbiuhop Logue,'of Armagh, has loeen created a Cardinal. The London Trades Council ate reeking aid in the promotion of a .workmon'fi exhibition in London next year. It is reported that the loss of the nteanier Nnbiac off the entrance to the port of Lisbon has been attributed to the ignorance of the pilot The Hon. Cecil Rhodes, Frontier of Cape Colony, hBS nrged tie Marquis of Eipon, Secretary of State for the Colonies, to impose preferential duties on South Afrioas wines. At the sittings of the Panama Canal Com mittee, Mr. Aodrieoi submitted in evidenoe a photographed memorandum alleged to have been received from M. Herz, who reoeived it originaUv from Baron Beinach. It contains entries of paymentB alleged to have been' made to the ten defendants already aoensed. It represents Bonvier, Minister of Finance, as receiving 80,000 francs; Roohe, Minister of Commcce. Albert Grevy, aud Floquet receiv ing 20,000 francs each ; Barbey, Minister of Marine, 500,000 francs; and Hoq.net receiv ing also 2SO,000 fur political purposes. M. Andiienx stated that Baron Reinach swiudled Cottu. one of the directors of. the company, out of 750,000 francs under the preteucu th«t ihe money was required by Floqnet. Reinicb, he added, having obtained the money, kept it for his own purpose. M. DefaloBse, a member of the Chamber of Deputies, have written to Figaro advocating the establishment of a consular republic, with Prince Victor at its head, in place of the pre sent form of Government in France, Frinee Victor Napoleon, the head of the Bourbon section nf the monarchists, aeizing the opportunity afforded by the present political nnreet, is issuing a manifesto in favour of a restoration of the monarchy. Several fresh cases of cholera are reported Herr Ucbt estimates the beet sugar product ion of the past three monttiB at 13&OU0 tons above that of the 'corresponding quarter of last year. Great excitement prevails in the Western States of America in consequence of the dis covery of new goldGelds in Utah, on the Colorado River. Thousands of men are flock ing to the place. Nuggets or couec gold reaching to lOoz. and J5oz. have been obtained. The Ea:l of Wiocheleeo inaugurated the National Agrionhnral Ionian, one of the ob jects of which into secure the labelling ot colonial meat in snch a mumcr mb to piBvonji its being sold as British. It is stated that the sodb »nd agents of the late Mr. Jay Gould, the American millionaire, have collected the obituary noticeB which havB appeared In the newspapers iu America and Europe, and these, placed cml to end, would make a Blip of paper six niilcs'in length. The fruit importers foresee a good season for Australian fruit. They advise that Austra lian apple-growers shiiuln only send their best eating virieties, as the snpp'y of baking apploa from America will be fulticitnt. If South Africa intends competing with Almeria (Spain) in supplying grapes it wiU be neoosaaiy - for them to Bend only the best qnality. For Aus' tralian plnmB the importers Bay tbero ia nn almost unlimited demand bnt the f nit v II have to be packed in amallor cases, the preteut sue being too large for the market. For prime peaches there will be a good demand, but exporters are cautioned against shipping inferior fruit The anionnt of Australian seonrities offered on the London market this year reaches a total of £9,206, 00U, incJading ££,000,000 Gov ernment loans. The St. Paterebnrg Gazette says that the Ghitral, a province on the north-west trontier of India, has always interfered with the BritiBh-Afghan alliance, and it adviies Russia to open negotiations wjtb the object of con vincing Abdarrahman, the Ameer of Afghan istan, that BnsBia is willing to protect hiB 1 Mr. Graver Cleveland, President-elect of the United States, is asking .Congress for power to suspend the silver purohnses anthor ised by Senator BUnd's Silver Act, nn ler the provisions of which 4,500,000 ozs.' of silver are porchaBed monthly. The violeut language of tho labour leaders in connection with the B.i-tol dockers' lock oat, and the' attempt of the sympathisers to march in procession .along a forbidden route, has caused a severe struggle with the police. It was deemed necesoary to call out tho military, aud eventually the mob was dis persed. 8overal. persons were injured in the ennounter. - Constable Pbafr, of Downpatrick, has in herited £100,000 by the death of a relative of hip wife' residing in Australia, The official returns show that Canadian ex ports to Great Britain have this year increased by over 3,O00,000ddL as compared with last year. The New General of the Jesuits (Father Martin) hu arrived in Dahlia. The last visit of the head of the order to Ireland wa« in 1884. Baron Cederorantz, the Chief Justice of Samoa, has resigned. Great Britain and Germany will leave to tho United States Gnr ernment tho selection of his successor. The office of the Olobe newspaper, in the Btrand, has been destroyed by fire. Mr. Ben. Tillett,. presiding at a leoture in Bermondsey, stated that since the London dockets' strike in 1SS9, the wages of the Lon don riverside labourers have been increased by h&lf-a-million per aununv Labour iu England, he said, was full of gratitude and sympathy for the Australian labour party, and was travelling in the same direction. The four pcrsuus sentenced to various terms of imprisonment for the murder of the Martins at Gweedore, in the North of Ireland, have been released. The Srolorfa has published documents enow ing that KuBsia in 1687 tried to secure the election of Count Ignatieff, the Sussian Genera) aud diplomatist, asFrinoe of Bulgaria but Stamliouloff, the present Premier of Bulgaria, prevented her designs. Jewels of the value of about £30.000 have keen stolen from the bedroom of Lady Jliles, of Leigh Court, Bristol. Aiabbiehop Vausban, of Westminster, is to be .elevated to the eardinalate in January DBXt.' ' '?''!.' It ia understood that the BritiBh War Offioo will nominate, Mojor-Oennwl Hewntt, late direotoi . of the Military Callage at Kingston, it the ?ucces«or to Major-General Bicnardaon intheohM command of the New South Wales military foroes, ' ?' ?'-?:?: ??-' -? ? V.'/P , '?- 8eriou».«treet, fighting hw taken , place in tibent, 'Belgium, in oonaequenoa of the eoo'ul Ux agitation.' ? Thirty «odali«U«nd flve police men have been wbonde-i. *'? '': ''^; .,': \ :? .' .' '. - In Bnosia the cholera ooDtinuea tobe verv tevnre. the avenge weekly' number of deaths .teing-fcoW v^-. :!;.:' ?? '?A,.:-.ri;i'i ,V- .'- ,. . In the cnurte of m aenuine interview wi'h a frHeian Journalist iPrioae '-jS&marofc ?'declare! that in the' event of » Fra'ilcn-OemiM war Biusi* would . *ncry ,io the MediCBmndaii;; Qe urged France to wnteot herself with :a great.Afiicfcn empin.; rr-. ?,?'.?'.;..? -?????? ?? '?; .The Detective Office in Exchange Court, Dablin, was the scene of a terrible dynamite explosion. One detective was blown to piece', . and great damage, was done to the building. Every pane of glass in the vicinity was smashed.!* It is believed that the detective Rynnott, the man who was lulled, had aocidentaUy kicked a dynamite bomb which wae lying . oil the footpath close to the wall under the ' window of ihe Detcotive Department, where , ' twenty man. wore sleeping. The bomb ex- . . ; plflded with terrifio force, tote tip the pave ' ' ' ment. and cracked the valla of tho building. Detective Synnott'e right legend arm were * ? tendered. Bis boot was found 100 yards . away, and one of his 6ogere in the Chief Seoretiry's libmty. . .. ? -r The Opposition Press warn the Government: : that the explosion » a direct result of the policy of ennoesaion reoently adopted. .They -.,- declare that it i» impossible to plaoate. the Iriah. A tensation has been cansed by the informa tion that » mfmber of the Britieh aristocracy, .. - under the pretence of helng agntrdiao. mairied his illegitimate daughter who had been reared at Milan, in Italy. The woman, on discover . ing her paternity, left him immediately and sought r. fuse with a, clergyman. She is now taking legat/proceedinge. Pope Leo XIII. has issued an allocation, in whioh he Bays that the moral and .religions eon* dition nf the leading countries of Europe indicates the gathering of a atorm, and be ' hopes a conference will take place with a view to a general disarmament. , , The Bulgarian Chamber of Deputies has pledged itself to nupport Prince Ferdinand in his proposed alteration of the Constitution in order to eoahle him to marry an Austrian princon. ' . ... Sisee the nnthreikol cholera in Russia them have been 660,000 oaaes of the dlBeaie, and uf this number 260.000 proved fatal It is reported that the -Earl of Eimberley, Secretary nf State for India, is dnnbtfnl »» to the legality of the action of the Ka»t«in Ex tension, Australasian, and China Telegraph Company, in nising the rates of fl ililei-r&ma to 4-. 9d. per word without the sanction of a conference. Sir John Feider is satisfied ?? to the legality of ihs company's position.- In.tbe event of India insisting upon her claim of £0 centimes per word for Aastra'ian messages jthe company will resist the olaim. Renewed activity ia being displayed by the anarchists in Oodus, Spain. Eight dynamite bombs have been discovered. A German squadron^ under the command of ' Admiral Pawofz, is about to visit Australia. Sir Richard Owen, the celebrated compari tive anatomist, is dead, BiB ago was 88 yearn. Sir 8-nl Samuel has been notified by the War Office that Captain W. T. Bridges, of the Neiv Sooth Wales drtiliery, has paaied « most excellent examinati a it Woolwiob. The Edinburgh Scottman «ay« that Captain Lugard, lately leader of the Imperial British East Africa Gompany'a expedition in Uganda, will be che first perm»icntcommiaaaty of that region Dndcr tbs J)rit)Bh GorerorafiDt, The Grand Duke Nicholas Consiantinovioh, a cousin of tho Czar, has been charged with poisoning General Buranok, a Raaaian com mander, at Tuhkend in Uussian Central Asia. An inquiry ia proceeding. Mr. Gladstone has refused to receive a deputation from the London Labonr League iu favour of State-aided emigration. He UM likewise refuted to introduce a bill into Parlia ment for that object. . A team of South African oricketen is likely to visit England iu 1894 . - The eaute of the late Lord Tennyson has been sworn for 'probate purposes at under £57,000, of which aim.unt the sum of 425,000 rt-preueuts realty. Mr. Wcdde! and Mr. Oscar do Satge are about to interview Sir Re.lt. rs Uol or, Adju tant-General, in order to ask that Qu?e- aland meat mny bo used in the tupply ' of BritiBh garrisuus at brme nnd'abroad. * The Empress Fredo'iolt was walking iu the strecu of Venice with her little dog nnnm-aled. in contraventinii nf the regulatiunB. .when -it was Biased by a constable and Carrie i ti- the police Btarion, deBpite her Majesty'* protests. The Empress had to appear in the polioe . court to answer the charge, bnt without giving her name was at ouce reougnieed, and recover ed possession of her dog. Seventeen teams of re/iitant, militia, and vnlnnteers in Kut Suirey touk part in a.^ marchinc, competition, the diBtauce traveiaed being 54 miles The team which wn-' Ihe first prUe completed the journey i i 17 b inrfl 36 nntmteo. It is pointed^out that 32 vati'ties of song birds are ia danger of becoming extinct iu the . British Isies owing to the depredations of the fuwler Many wild plants, especially in the Lake District, are also threatened with extfnot* ion at the hands of tourists and others'. A titled lady still in her teens is muter of tlio Huntingdon Har'ien, and follows the' bou. d« at tho head of the hunts.i «m. A injiD, on autti&gopen a auta wh --h he had purchased at a eale in Castlef..rd dtsooverwi £135 in bank-notes cono aled ju t.:n bonehaii. He returned them to tho original owner of the Bofo, who mysteriously Jost .he n. t * litnr yeans ago. Two sisters, a giantess and a .Iwnf, roce.itlr left QuMMtov.il for exhibition at thcAVold'a Fair. The giantess, who is only 16 years of age, etandu 6ft. high, and weighs 18it. The dwarf is 21 yarn old, measures 3tt. in height, and weigbB only 311b. The inquest into the oause of the death of the child described as D hat been concluded aud the jury brought in a . verdict of wilful murder agaiust Mr. and Mr». Makin, and they n; were committed for trial. :.ut Henry M'Namara, a caroase bntoher, at Bockda'e has been fined £5 and costs amount ing to £60 17b. 6d., for causing a nuisance at hie boiling-down egtabliFlimeutiu Darleyraad.. The remit of the Ueida1 vote of censure on Dibbs' minialrywos a vote of ooi.fideiicc iu the Government. The voting was —Government 69 ; opposition, 61. Mr. Daniel O'Connor, the ex Postmaster General, h» m-ijncstratei] bis eitate. It i» understood his assets exceed his liabilities. He haB alto resigned hie Beat in the Legislative Council. Of the labour men 13 voted wi'b Hie Gov ernment ; 17 of thorn voted the other way. . During last week 1,180 coupons, of the face, value of 1 3*3, were issued by the Broken Hill Unemployed Committee. The Iato«t returns of the ballot taken by the ? ' Ncwcaste miners' lodges in refereuooto the adopl ion of the new general. agreement give » majority of over 1,000 iu favour ofiUaooop tance. . , ?''?.. At Paradise Creek, near EmmaviUe, . on Saturday morning,' a. man' named W.':JLnn'eA':- . committed suicide by blowing Ilia he^d off ty mcanB of a dyuainite flap, which Jie exploded), in his month. ... . ?. ? ? ?. ? .? ? A skeleton, which iras supposed to be that ?? of a mail named Uaiding, who disappeareS ahuot two ymn ago, iuts-beea faaaa H€ftr '. ' Wentworthfalla..,. ?.:i«.;i i ,. ?-.?,.;.'; '. ii'? ' ' John Harrison, ao Jioniafe nftheParramJtU ? Betievoleut Aaylnm, .while eitei^bA in,nukiiig . ' * ' tea W h)» mates un gniflsy !ell.S»ta»-M-pper : boiler fall nfwaMing.iraterVah'A^H^.'niiR.ljr. ? burnt »hat' he Vdied :i», tflrrlbie^agonyAjteUr ,.:; honrajifMrwaJdi. ??;??-?;- ... ,*i£'*Z'~£'i.-\'l}'r£ .»'..?' '-. ?'? '? ;^emr»'.^il-whandFir^hji»infl3^]g0()S .'; ?. ' pfbjji^- vrith their worU'on the Ltobrer_*il-. ? way iinV:'Tbr^men1^e3Wlj.Mf»M!*-{. ? ? .'.,--'.. »*Ml ,Sf-e'arth?q-*o!if*ini ffev$i*i?ia--X '?/?'-.. *ob-WnfonMaod'fe^r*eii{n^ii»rfpliiM; ; y.',; ';. '?'.'. -. .'the OnipD,'i.:iAi4'.«#y iV JhiSfY^^tMFVVt: c -..? ? ..-; /SsoMtiooalreportaoontonaioiwcl) Broken . : ' Hill jfrpja *nrtpniiaibg'v-.-jje.^;$un(i«riiiug ;-.''? ; '- i ? Ji»o»«n»»4tipW.--.vf.'v-'i-'-.-'i-1.'ti':f*;''.JV.'.T|-'»- ?,'?'?'?' ' ' :.';'? 