 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The crime of mnnler i- on the inoreua is Vienna, owing st the prevailing diptreja. . Tbe proipecta of the next harvest in' Eonit are desperate, owing to the ilendBr stock of seed available. The condition of 300,000 German colonists in the government of Samara, Eastern Bussit is terrible. Many are reported to be starving. The only hope of an amelioration lies in the removal of tie destitute Germans to America. wren outran coaimQeB to exist among tns poorer olssseB in Hungary. Mnny chUdran. are dying from sheet starvation. B«ron Hiroch has given £2500 ' towlrds tit: relief of the distress in Vienna. While the Czsr and Czarina of Rutsis were, driving through the streets of St. Perersbug attempts were made to throw a 'jacliEge into tbe imperial carriage. The parcel fid 'riot reach the vehicle. It is supposed that the. contents were of an explosive nature. . . Th'e restriction of tbe output of coal lisk, caused 200,000 factory operatives in Lancashire, to be thrown out of employment. The Flintshire miners hare refused to join, in the impending strike of coal-mSnon in, Eoclaud. Lord Salisbury is not disposed to renew the modus virtndi, but is in favour of. adopting measures toprevent sealing within 30 miles of the Fribyloff Islands. It is reported tbat the Washington' Cabinet will insist upon a renewal .of the modtu rivendi. . An exciting scese has oocnrredintbe rtreeti of Paris. A buiglsr, while fleeing from instice. saddenlv turned ronodL and shnfc thm of his pursuers with ? revolver. AU three fell dead. The burglar was eventually esptusd, A scene of great excitement toot placs during the trial of s^nsn for honestetlinR in Indian, U.S.A. The prisoner, who had a. revolver concealed about him, fired «t tbe Bench, killing the Mayor of the town and alu theminhsliftthtConrt. A mob aeiud the prisoner, snd lynched, hint outside. An immense bomb has been discovered iu s street of Madrid tbe Spanish capital. The fuse wsa still borning.it tbe time it was found i. The Spanish Government has taken me». snres to expel, all foreign saarehists and socialists from Spain. The Kobuaohcgtitunf, {Cologne- ChoeUe) ? national liberal daily paper, Babliihed at Cologne, is to be prosecuted for commenting ? on tbe late speech of the Emperor William, delivered at the banquet of, the Brandenburg Diet. It it said the Queen, is fretting .over tho death of. the Dnko of Obrenoe, wiose tomb. &he visits daily, and that her grief is osasinff - anxiety in the Royal family. A bill prohibiting the importation of slieni. tinder engagement to perform labour in Canada, has been introduced into. the Dominion Psrln Lord Knntstord has upraased hii racret at. the misnnderstandiDg wjiicb arose .ont of the. appointment of Locd Onslow's- sacevstor, bnt. denies that, there has beon.any breach of faith cm his part. Congress bis been ip session eight -weeks, but baa not yet settled dow.n lo serious busi ness. The Speaker has. been tort month pro strated with ?' grip,' and the members have been msiuly. eugaged in making oombiustiona and projects in reference to this next Presidency The Democrats are about even y .split io two. f'Sctions. One section wiehea to renominste, Cleveland, and to adhere to tha old form of tariff-reform policy, while tbe other, and slightly stronger wing cfithe. party, is in fivonr of a-new cindidnte snd of,-i form of tariffre form policy which will bexin ita platform by SfBariDg the country, thit it will make haste very slowly. . Tbe Rome correspondent of the Daily. Ghrowdz, referring to a romoor currcDt in Home on 22nd Jupoary that tbe IVpe WIB, dying, sayB tbat. it it difficult to say bow it originated, bsvo on the bypo'.hePis thatthBre ia a Roman. proverb that i, ' Lied Father/ a ' Black Father,' aud a '? Whit* Father ' will die within three days of.eacb other. Thi Red (Cardin 1 SjmeoUi, the. Prefect of (lie . Pro-. uagnanda),. and the Black F.iller (Father Anderlcdy, the General of the Jesuits), hive, it is true, paid the debt 'of Batons within three days of each other, and the popular supersti tion believed tbat the White Father (tbe Pope) would complete the trilogy -if illuBtriom deed;, but on thia occasion 'the cation'l wisdom' his been st fault, ss tbe Pope is. much better in health thin he his besn for some days-put Tbe telegram to tho effect tbat Edison is working ss s sew invention for enabling ARtzient in s fort to destroy sn attacking foroft; by a jet of electrified water is very brief ; bnt it is possible to devine the underlying 'method. If we aappoae the water to be oontsined in in iueulsted reservoir, and connected to one polo of tbe dynamo, orsource of eleotrici'y, while, tbe other pole is connected to the ground, 'it follows that if tbe enemy in marching overths ground be struck by a coatinuoas jet of the. eleotrifiid water tha circuit will be completed, and they will receive a shook .wbiob raiy bet tendered fitsl. If, however, tbe enemy won Baits of copper armour, or even drenched their, clothes witb water before making the' attaok, it is difficult to see whit barm Eduon'sjtt. would do, since tbe electricity wonld'probslily pass through their clothing to tbe country. ' la any case the ides is not exsotly novel. Ws, read in tbe clisaics tint fiihermen so the Mediterranean soraetimeB got a shook fmm s living torpedo ia tlieir nets while ditliiug wuttr from s wet backet over the fish. A perfect humin skeleton weighted down, with stouea has been found in ? cavern St. Coolamon Plains. SJr. Kidd il not st present disposed to favonr ? tho subsidy of £2000 per annum lor the pro posed Pacific cable. Ab i result of the prolonged dry westber, and: the scarcity of food in tbe IViloatinia duttiota,. the rabbits there ire perishing by thousand!, On the 7tb iuatam* new poBtsge'itamp of* - tbe value ol Jd. was nubsliliit-ed for liie one, now curreut. ? ' ' - '?? 