 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Three thousand persons were present at tbe opening of the conference now being held to consider the depression among Brhisli farmers. A resolution was carried which declared that imports competing with home produce ought to be taxed equally with tie latter. Mr. Jasper Moore, M.P., said that a 10b duty on Americau corn would produce £5,000.000 land relieve agriculture. Other speakers contended tnat tjie foreign and coJooiaJ imports w ere nnderminiag tbe dairying industry, aud urged ibat meAMmporta shouIa be subjected to tbo requirements of the Merchandise Maika Act, whereby imported manufactured goods were required to bear legibly marked upon them the name of the place where they were made. Retailing batchers should also be licensed, so that the public might not be misled into bny- ing oulonial for British mutton. Slavic has 'challenged Joe Goddard, who defeated Maher, the American pugilist. The coinage committee of the United States Houbg uf Representatives is disonssiug a bill repealing the monthly purchase of silver bill. Another bib is to be brought before the committee directing the Treasury to sell lOO-0GOfOOOo2. silver for gold. , Cnina claims the whole of the Aliohnr Pamir, and the Chinese MiuiBter at St. Petersburg hss informed tbe .-Russian .Government that China will consider any ftussiau encroachment on that territory' a very serious matter. .''President -Harrison suggests that a poll'tax should. be tm'posed 'Upon immigrants landing io AmepOfti «quivaieat to the cost of their pass *age'T)- Australia. ' : tjr.. During the present year the value of imports into America from'. Australasia has increased l-y2,250.000doL : In commenting oppn Mr.',0'Connor's refusal tore\ease'the.BrpUenr,Hillatrike leaders, the St. Jamedk {?a3ett£-&aya ')lhat it is glad that the Minister has grit enongh to keep the men in prison in spite ef the Trades Hall influence. tlie Prince of Wales is resuming tbe sport of yachting, and is having a new cutter built. Owing to the postponement of the proposed alteration in tbe American tariff, tbe price of Australian tin bas recovered £2. Mr. Josiici North has ordered the Dowagor Duchess of ijutherlaud to deposit the Suther land family heirloomsand jewels in the custody of the Conrt, as it was feared that ahe would disnose of them .!?' The London Daily Telegraph states that a deloge of money i« expected in London early in January, when several large loans are to be introduced. Iu commenting npon the intervention of Great Britain in the affairs of the disturbed native state of-Ofiitral, bordering on the Pamir ! Plateau, the Etussian press claims on behalf of ftnssia all the Khanates north of Afghanistan, including Chitral and Qilgpt. The St. Peters* burg Afrrosli, however, disclaims this policy. The Pall Mall Gazette advocates the plac ing of the Australiap. railways under 000 authority. Such a cenrse, it says, would be imperative in the event of war. The Atlantic and I'acifit Steamship Com pany has been registered with a capital of £260,000. The debate on the Army Bill in the Gei mati Reichstag accentuates the opposition of the Poles, :tbe Centre (or Ultramontaius), and tbe Conservatives. Count von Caprivi has renew* ed his ple&u that the measure should be treated as one of urgency. «... .Reports fr«-m tbe Soudan state Ahatithe Mahdi is collecting 40.000 troops, with which he intends to attack Egypt in tho spring. 1 A section of the Berlin Press is appealing to preat Britain, Germany, and America, the three Powers interested, to put an end to the internecine Btrife now prevalent in Samoa. Information has been received that Keban gin, King of Dahomey, threatens the Fieuch with a guerilla war. He is reported to have 20,000 fighting men at his disposal. He offers to cede SVhydah, the seaport of Dahomey, to the Rritibh. in retaliation for the treatment he has received at the hands of the French. ',iMr. W, Villiers Brown, member of tbe Qaeensland Legislative Assembly for Towns vrile, is not in favour of tbe propotai of the Loudon' bra'och' of the Northern Separation League to ask. the Imperial Government to bring in a bill granting territorial separation to. Morlh Queensland. Be has suggested that it would btj better to give the Queensland Parliament another chance of settling tbe question. President Harrison, in rep?y to *& inter viewer, stated that protectiou, if it had failed in America, had failed owing to the workers refusing to share with employers the shelter which protection afforded. Tbe Privy Coooci! is now debating a case which has been referred to it for decision us. to. whether a colonial Governor is entitled to re lease a person who has been committed for oontempt by a Supreme Court. Sir Charles Hussell, Q. C., Attoroey-CeoerAl for England,; argued that the Crown hnd delegated -tbp£ power to a (iovernor. ' . It is announced that the Right RevJ John } Richardson Selwyn, Bishop of Melanesia, is to j oe appomtea a prejaie 01 ine oraer of sc. Michael and St. George. In reference to tbe intention nf 'the Victor* ian Government to place anoiher loan on the money market, , the city financiers say they expected better things from Sir Graham Berry, the Victorian Treasurer. A .telegram from new York states that, in view of the change in the Presidency next March, aud the cousequeut dumiuauoy of tbe Democratic party, tbe Republican party have formed a defence committee. Lady Abdy has iustitu'ed an action acainst her husband, Sir Wm. (Neville Abdy, Bart, for judicial separation, 011 the ground of mis* conduct with Madame Bemitee. Sir William denies that be has either seen or known the co-reapondeat, and declares that the petitioner must be mad. -The petition was dismissed. .The city financiers consider the excuse given j-y Mr. John See, in issuing Ne« South Wales Treasury bills, is very . lame, and they urge him to withdraw them. They also think that the South Australian Government is nowise in issuing Treasury bills, as the market would prefer a loan,, w/iich .wcnld most likely be placed at £92. ; SJr . Johu Bray, the Agent Geueral, does not expect that the South Aas* tralia& Treaiury bills will he issoed in London. Information has hren received thaitCaptaiu Prosgrave, commanding the British column in the Chin country, in Burmah, has defeated the natives, many of whom have been killed. Pope I to XIIL, in a letter to the Italiao bibhops. says that as the Free-masons pursue a Satanic aim in substituting naturalism Tor I Christianity, he cannot ciuutenance the ' institution. . * The ieadiog Sbtaotan in tbe city are pro* testing against the 3ssue of Australian Trea-; enry.tiiKs in. Londoii, And they are of opint--n ! that if these bills arejsMied locally they sbonld . be long-dated. . ' The proposals of the New Soafh Wales Gov* eminent as- set forth iti tbe bndgel ^eliverhd by Mr. John Sec, Jinve met with a fairly favourable reception . in fipaucial circles, - tbe odvioeB of proposals lor retrenchment especial Mr. ^lAbbnehere, the editor of TmOu de nounces 'the sentence' recently passed by tbe' iddge of tne Assise Conrt at 'Dublin upon .-a labourer named Eg&n, who was sentenced to ; 18 months' pewl servitcde fof m order. - ;The evidence sboweu that tbei prisoner had kilted his wife and thrown -his Child -iuto a flre after 1 he had lolled it'. : - - ? ' ' Lsteat news from the scene of the colhery | disaster at Wig«o, io e«cth-west Lan-*fihtre. | slates tbat 70 of the miners have been rea outd, 'i'lKTv were lUJ mm 10 the mino wheu I tuc (lie took Mr. Gladstone's HouieciLule. Bill is based on the same lines as the Act granting a re*^ preaentative constitution to Vew Zealand in 1652. Mr. M. Bowell, the new Minister of Trade in Canada, has expressed his determination to develop the trade with Australia. Mr. J. Heoniker Beaton, M,P. for Canter bury, who has Jong agitated for the adoption of an Imperial penny post, estimates the cost of the change at £7H OuO per annum. .Mr. 0, A. peartion, ^publisher of- ' Pearson's Weekly/1, 'has.. bcertj- ordered to with*hold £20;0l%,.-whipb .it wasvproposed to distribnte as pri^e mpney for. mining .word' competitions. The JUberfli, jnembers of the House of Com* mofaB have rWolyjed- -to ^demand friun the Gov» iern'ment the introduction of . measures provid ing for the establishment of parish coonotls, security ol tenure, tbe .abolition -of the law of entail, and a revision of taxation. ? Lord fiosebery (Secretary for Foreign Affairs) aod Mr. H. H. Asquith (the Home Secretary) are supporting tho demand for tbo taxation of grouua rente. Id consequence of M. Rotmer'e fall from his position of Frenoh Minister of Finance, it. ' is stated that Russia .will be unable to float a losn in Paris. The Pall Mall Gazette, alluding to the ex plosion. pfgu which took place uu board the Orient Bteamship Opbir, urges the Board of Trade to insist npon the proper ventilation of coal bunkers, Mr. Andrew M'Bwraith. of the firm of M'llwraith, M'Raoharn, and Co., has written a letter to tbe Times, stating that tbe Austra* Han frozen b^rf trade is. succeeding in Egypt aud is being rapidly developed. Mr. Crick, M^p.. was proceeded against W the Police Court by his wife for maintenance, and asked for an allowance of £7 per week Mr. Crick stated tbat by the' deed of separa* tion he .agreed , £0 pay £4 per week, ana the magistrate dksmia^od the case, as bethought if the' prpvwionB(pf tbe deed were carried obit, it wonld be quite sufficient for Mrs. Crick. The Pauama Canal soandal is still creating intense excitement in Paris. The company's office in Paris has been searched, aud 14 vaoloadsof documents have been conveyed to A place of safety by order of the police authorities. -H MM. Grevy and Repsult have beeu asked to deposit the bribes wbich they are alleged to have received io a bank, pending tbe result of tbe trial, . After the arrest of M. Charles de Lasseps, his residence was searched, when several books were seized revealing the system by whioh the frauds were perpetrated. The Government of Mexico demands tbat the Government'of the United States suppress the baud of rebels iu the State of Texas, who have crossed the froutfar, billed 11 Mexicans, and laid waste a Mexican settlement* Information has been received from Hono lulu that Mauna Lor, a volcanio mountain in Hawaii which is 13,600 feet in height, is in a. state of .eruption. The eruption has 'been atteuded with -violent earthquakes, and the streams of lava threaten the destruction of two villages. O&mau Digna, tbe Mahdist leader, who was recomly causing trouble iu the neighborhood of Tokur aod iiuakiu, has now retreated to Ka88ala. The Governments of Great Britain, Austria, and Italy have addressed remonstrances to M. StamboalofT, Premier of Bulg»ria, urging him to withdraw bis support from the proposed alteration of the constitution of .Bulgaria,'. They declare that tbe steps suggested by Prince Ferdinand are calculated to jeopardise - the peace of Europe. It is believed that the proposed Aot sus pending immigration into the United Stares will become law. Under this Act noirauii* graliou ie to be permitted .during twelve months into any part of tbs- United States - except from North and South America. The death is deported of Sir Hiohard Owen, the celebrated comparative anatomist, at the agi of 88 years ?Lieutenants Savage aod Morris, oftheN.S. W. Artillery, have successfully passed the loug course of instruction, Lieutenant Savage with honours. It is reported- that the Most Rev, Dr. Vaoghas, who succeeded the late Cardinal Manning as Acchbishop of \Vustmin8ter wili be created a Cardinal in January next. ? The Londou Couuty Counoil have . finally agreed to pay their workmen the wages recog nised anil in practieeepproved of by the trades unions. It is stated that not ooe-tweptidth; of the members, nf the Rciohstag will give their sup* port to the German Army Bill. The volcano Mauna :Loa, in tbe island of Hawaii, -ono of'tbe highest active volcanoes io the world, is said to be at present in a state of violent eruption. The Brooklyn Tabernacle,, m' which' the Rev^ T, de'Witt Talmage preaches, has becn eclsed for debt. !r' It has been srrauged that the international' silver conference shull reassemble . on 30th May, 1893. ' ..(V 'j: The Mtkkme quarrelled amob^t^themselvea in the Coroners Court ou Fridaiy;''and-in con* seqaeuce of what tbey said the police will pro bably cause the floor to be lifted at thp-housA. 10 George street, Redfern. . , A team of 14 or 16 New Soutn 'Wales cavalrymen are *0 oe Bens to angutoo umi year to take part in tbe annual military ' tournament in London -. !rn- juiv A'ick Stewart, who fought Sandy Bo^Jtyb..'.. at tbe California Athletic Club, yorli street, . on Saturday night, died at the Syduey'Hospitaf yesterday. .The fight was sto^ped',by,aih8' police, aod Stewart, who was jjutfering frocb, (njuries, was taken to the hospital aboot b^c. . past 7 o'clock on Saturday night/. Yesterdajr^ ^eveu persons were arrested in connection wittL the affair. ' fThe prisoners ai*e Alexander Ros^'3 Sam Matthews (proprietor of tbo club,, ^nd C referee t(),.the tighi), Ahe Willis, Joseph Carsoy, Edward Burton, Patrick ' Diai^obd, } and David Hennessy, these persons being tlie' seconds and kftficials, Two hundred and fifty newaboyb.were enterr ;v ? tain^d by Mr, Quoog Tart on Saturday ftftef noon at Lapstone Bill, ' ' .' The second deviation, which will do a way with the use of tbe little aigzug over tbe Blue'^ Mountaius, was opened for traffic on Monday^ At a meeting or the City Cquucil Alderman.;r, Mahoifg was noaniuivnaly reelected 'Jaaypr of Sydney for tho eusuing 12 months, * At a public meeting held at Croekweu, -tf - ? resolution was passed rprote^ting against any / railwsy polioy being brought forward tbat.did aot include J-be oonstrhction of the Gqui£-Drn-^r to Creokwell railway./ s ? .*? ' An armed ^ushranger was captured ; uear^ Tumut lsst week. Ho baj etuoymp^ yonng ?: man st Gilmore Bridge and taken his ^orse,;^ saddle, and bridle from hiia,, and. had..'ub-* seqoenily tried to bail np two othermen, was eommitted /or triai.* v -.y ;»v ;L*st week the .^diiectors -of tbe Dlawarra ;-;. Harbour and Land Corporation peoepte^ith^? tender vt Mesera/ 'Brand 'and D/yborough'f or ; I , the conutructiontif tbe entire ^dtranee wojlf 'l of the harboor At Jj*ke Hlawftrr*. Tbepn&e-' ofthe contract is £&8.00U, . ^ho gecre.tai^ to the -Chicsgo flxfaihitipn-; . ! Com^usion has receivifd a Ittter ^rom Diw-; 'Beuwlok, who .state* that bc haaj*wur^ « 10,000ft. of- -s pace.' in the :fKxbibjti6n Tor.^hrt f/ display dfjJ»fi,»riiner»li ^iKew.^onth^Wjilee;^'' Thie is double the Bpaoe^hih^ia^M pr^yipusWH^ placed at tbe jii»pMal t-f tbe^mining 4ef«irfe!- ^''' roent. ' In order tL bhow'mi^-er^ e_xbibiij8 p»0-. _. pdrly, Mr, Oumming ^ys.that i^O^^. ei apace will be absolutely - uebess^v. .? Dr. . ttenwick hopes to get a further -tllowsneei - made to him. Tbe Broken Hill Defence Committee issued last week 1,450 coupons to tbe value of £440 ' 1 in aid of the unemployed. 