 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The London committee of the North Qaeeosland Separation League are awaiting directions from tho central committee at Townsville. They regard the attitnde of the Central Separation League as untimely. The outbreak of cholera in Bambnrg is in creasing, and the disease has now made iti appearance at Antwerp, in Belgium, The English brokers believe that the policy of tho Quecnslaud Government will have ft tendency to reduce the value of Queensland l securities. The Queensland merchants it the I city deprecate strongly the increase in the I duties which the Queensland Government hare aupounccd. News wis received from .To pan on Monday of aterriblo catastrophe having occured there, ; rcGuUirg in guvit U:»s (.-! life and destruction of (iroperty, Vi--'ont oarthquako shocks were i-xperienced, and these were followed. by floods, 1 causing tbe destruction of 10,000 huuses, while about 500 persons are reporlud to have lost their lives, bring either killed by the falling buildings or drowned in tbe flood waters. This is the secoud within the year. Mr. James Mauro, the Victorian Agent* General, had au iuterview on Monday with the . Marquis of Kipon, the new Secretary of State for the Colonies. Mr. Munro asked the Marquis of Kipou to endeavour to secure for tho British in the New Hebrides the same rights as were exercised by other nations there or else prohidit absolutely the sale of arms and alcohol in those islands. Tbe taarquis of Ripon promisod to make inquiries into the matter. The Czar has abandoned tbe military ma« ntsuvres whieh were to have been held near St. Petersburg, fearing that the health of the troops would suffer. Wolff and Leipziger, the bankers of Berlin who recently failed, have been sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment for the misappropriation of a sum of about £220,000 sterling. A mad wolf bit 30 persons in a Hessian village, in addition to many horses, cattle, and sheep. Tho result is that the village is fall of poreoos in astate of raving madness. Sir JohnGorrie, Chief Jnatioe of Trinidad, in the West Indies is dead. Earthquake sbooks have been experienced at Ems, Cobleutz, and Nassau, in Germany* No lives were lost, bnt some of the buildings wsre damaged. Fifteen hnndred personos Quarantined at Trebizonde, on tbe Black Sea, have made as attempt to escape from their confinement. They were driveu back by the military, and seven of them were killed, France has annexed tbe Gloriosa Islands,, situated to 'he noith of Madagascar, and at. tbe entrance to the Mosainbique Channel. The French have also taken possession of Amsterdam and St. Patil Istands, in th» Indian Ocean, about midway between thfr Cape oi Good Hope and Australia. In deference to objections urged by the mer chants of Berlin, the Emperor William haa shelved the proposal to hold an International Exhibition in Berlin in 1900. Mr. Muuro deolares that the statements published are outrageous. So great was hi* faith in the Beal Estate Bank that be had de posited in it the whole of bis wife's money, amounting to £10,000. Everything was now gone. Conway's exploring party has sucoeeded in effecting a passage through the Bispar and. Mushik Paescs iu the Hindoo.Eoosh Mount* aius, ou tbe north-western frontier of India. The Duko of Devonshire (lately Lord Hart ingtofi has been marned to Louisa Frederica Augusta, widow of tbe late Duke of Man chester. The French forces in Dahomey have begun the war with King B^hausin, aud have burn* bardud some of his town . The French troops have burned Eotonou and Zobo. The Dahornaus lost heavily. A Parliamentary Bluebook has been Jssnrd embodying thu correspondence which has taken place with Queensland on the question of the resumption of the kanaka traffic. Sir Heury Normvu, ihe Gov» ruer, on the 28rd May wrote to the Pritieb Government ex prying ihe opinion that abuses in the traffio would be vciy rare iodeed, and if committed they would he detected. The opposition tb the traffic, he says, is nm'nfy cot-fiaed to tbe clergy and tbe trades unions. Euiploymontin Qucouabmd, he adda,is very popular among the islanders. Mr. nenrv Labouchero publishes ft state ment in Truth to the effcct that in consequence of the objection of tbe Queen to bis mclaaion in the Miuistiy he wbs asked to get Mr* Glad 8'one out of the difficulty by writing a^ letter declaring that he had no wish to join the Government, but be refused to do so. Mr. Hartford, Secretary of the Amolgamated Hcilway iCmp'oyees' Association, is Kuppoiting Mr. John Morley's re-election for Newcastle* on-Tyne, and he declares that not one man ia fifty among the working classes is in favour of a legal eight-homs' day. _ .. The railway men ou strike iu America are still displaying the utmost recklessness io their endeavours to destroy the prom rty of the railway companies without regard to the loss of life that may be occasioned. A shock ing alt mint was made to derail a train whioh was crosur.g tho bridge over Niagara FallSi and the train was only stopped when on the verge of destruction. Another attempt to derail a train was made oo the Reading and Philadelphia. Latest nows from Afghanistan states that the Ameer's troops bave defeated the disaf fected Uebeg tribes at Eaisar and Maimana* near tho north- western fioatier, wd have succee'ed in quel ing Lhe rebellion there, By the e&capo of Omdurman, who h a inc ceeded in reaching Mas&owah, on the shore of tho Red Sea, iufonuacion has been reoeived that tbe people of the Soudan are revolting against the Mahdi. Omdurman declares t iat the 'AJahdi has captnred many European women and put them iu his harem. President Rrugor. of the Transvaal Re public, and Sir Henry Loob, Governor of Cape Cotouy and High Commissioner for 8ontb Africa, are negotiating with legard to the pro* tection of Swaziland. Tho Uuited States Gorernmont has sent in vitations to tbe Euiopean Puw«n for a grand naval demonstration, to take place at Chicago, iu connection with the World's Fair, Mr. Lyne, Minister for Works, has desid- d to coutiuue the canalisation of bhea'e Creek, The Tasmanian Government has bean 'd ? framed on Mr. Dnbson** want of confidence motiou by 19 votes to 12. At the Melbourne Lubour Bureau last w-*ek 25 non union masons refused to accept pro* offered work at 9, a doy. . Tho vo'cano Ngsurnhoe, in tbe middle of the North Island of Now Zealand h1* ? emitting flames lately, and the thermal rpringa around Lake Toupo are unusually ftot ve. Thomas Williams, of Northampton Western Australia, died last w--ek at, .the age of 106 years. He was tbe oldest man in the colony. HoLLOWAV'a Pills and Uiktmbkt.— Tj a v el ^ lei-8 to, and from rttotant cliraVa would dp well , -? td h«ar in miud that these, change*' ^d ^tfe'e ' altered diet aud aunnundines fef tbeirliylBi jjn- - tail manifold risks to h«^tK.%4^0atfpus mp . . anre to artpe'in -yhicb they WiJlnecd oTi'medy ? auch rs thesa ic iowned Pills. and Ointment,, aod no traveller Hiy Jaod or bob -should ever, fail tn . have a. supply at.' hand. -'r^Theuljp may truly be said to have a phyf-ieian *lwt-ys«t.hia call for -He virinua- emoigeuiies of ^travel, s Chills andfevera should be pivijnp»Iy inwttd,' ' 'and the p'inted directions enoui-l J-e caTtally studied ibc cnmmcncemcut of nnv iUm-*s, fo. H'.llnwiy'. wtK-ed:-* can \w rfifidy use-i iu p.] ? v.'.tnaLw. 