 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAT BY DAY. Lord Rosebery has declared that nnless the Liberals institute experimental legislation in favour of the workers they will find them* selves divorced from the great mass of the people. The parleyinga between the Durham colliery owners and the representatives of the miners for a settlement of the strike hsve fallen. Mr. Ben Tillet, in the course of a speeoh which he delivered on the question of legali sing eight honrs as a day's labour, declared that Mr, Gladstone's recently expressed view* on the subject were evanve, while Mr. Morley's remarks on the question were insult* ing. Lord Salisbury's undisguised opposition was preferable to either. Tbe agitation set on foot by working men against Mr. Gladstone, consequent upon his refusal to reoeive a deputation on the eight* hours question, continues. Baron Henry de Worms, Folitioal Secretary to the Colonial Office, gtated in the House of Commons to-day. iu answers to a question, that Sir Samuel Griffith, Premier of Queens* land, had informed the British Government by telegraph that the Queensland Minister folly reoognised the necessity of stringent rules for the Polynesian labour trade, aud was determined to prevent the infringement of those regulations. The Imperial Government, Baron de Worms said, entertained no doubt as to the efficiency of those safeguards. Mr. Bslfonr, speaking of the scheme for holding periodical festivals of a pan»Britannio nature, said that such oelebrations would be likely to develop good feeling among the EnsUih'Speaking races, but he regaraed as undesirable any State patronage or oontroL Slgnor Gioletti has succeeded in forming a new Italian Cabinet An epidemio of cholera is raging In Cabal. The Ameer, with his suite, has left his and is encamped outride' the city. Owing to the Queen's determination to abstain from participation in public ceremo nials for a year in token of mourning for tbe late Duke of Clarence, the official opening of the Imperial Institute has been deferred until next year. A portion of the building will, however, bo informally opened for business and social purposes in June. An explosion of dynamite has taken plaoe in a tramcar at Boda-Pesth, the csnitsl of Hon* gary. The outrage was not productive of loss of life; Delegates from 65 oolonial chambers of com* meroe and 62 chambers of commerce in the United Kingdom will attend a four days* oon* gress in London at the end of June, Owing to a conflict of opinion as to who ia suthorised to make the call on tbe share* holders of the Mercsntile Bank of Australia, there is no means of. enforcing psyment of the amount demanded. The late Baron Bramwell left directions that hie remains should be cremated at the Woking Crematonum. . The Hon. Patrick Greville-Nugent has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour for having assaulted a lady passenger in a railway carriage. Prior to the general election Sir Charles Gavan Duffy Intends to make a fiwi effort to re-nnite the sections of tbe Irish party. The Russian exhibition against the export of oats and maize has been removed; Sir William Robinson, Governor of Western - Australia, has sailed on his return to Perth, Owing to the plentiful supply of money, the Loudon discount companies whioh receive deposits are refusing to allow dlsoount thsre on. Dr. Geddes, of the University of Uslle, Germany, is reported to have -. discovered the bacillus of epilepsy. President Harrison has - appointed Mr. Justice * Harlan and Senator Morgan as re presentatives of the United States on tbe board of arbitration concerning tbe Behring Sea. question. In preference to aocepting Russian aid, Persia has raised a loan in London to pay tbe indemnify of £600,000 required by the imperial Tobaooo Corporation for the sbolition of A monopoly in tobaooo which] had been granted by the Shah. Mr. Stephens, the Fenian Head Cen're, has been ^presented with a house in Doblinby a. number of subscribers. Ontheoooasionof the presentation Mr. William Redmond stated that he fully shared Mr. Stephen's aspirations. The Duke and Duchess of Aberoorn propose to visit Australia. The insurgents in the Hepnblioof Venezuela have oocupied the town of Bolivar. Two hundred and fifty persons have perished in the floundering of a Russian steamer in the Caspian Sea. It is stated in the jfor»in£ Post that the general elections following upon a dissolution of the House of Commons, will take place at the end of Jane or early in July. The Queen proposes sending specimens of her own work in spinning and knitting, done when she was a sirL together with some of her paintings, to tbe women^ section of the Chiosgo World's Fair. Princess Christian will send some of her own embroidery ; Princess Lonise will contribute some clay modellings s and Princess Beatrice several paintings. Queen Victoria and her daughters, it has transpired, are not mentioned in the will of the late King .of Hanover. The £150, 000 each whioh they were supposed to have been left was bequeathed by tbe King to his own wife and daughters. Telephonic communication has been estab* liahed between Belfast and. Dublin. Tbe Duke of Devonshire contemplates sell* ing bis house and grounds in Piooadilly for £760,000, and the site may be built over* With the removal of Devonshire Honse another of the old landmarks of London will disappear. Tbe beautiful Duchess Georgians made it the head quarters of the Whig party daring the struggles between Fox and Pitt A navigable river was put up for ssle at Tokenhouse*yard, but failed to find a pur* cbsser. It was the Ouse from St. Ives to Bedford, with all rights of levying tolls upon it. The sum offered wss only £5,200. . At Leeds a widow, 74 years of ag6f was awarded X75 for breach of promise of marriage^, the defebdant who was 70 years old-, haviog married another woman. An American millionaire has been obsiged with a serious offenoe iu Berlin. He offered £100,000 bail, Ijst it was declined. Last week the Cabmen's Union decided to withdraw from the Trades and Labour Ueuncl. Since the' inoeptiou of tbu new aanitary arrangements at fiendigo, typhuid fevt-r has . decreased by nearly one*nalf. Mr. Gerrard Phillips. Mayor (of Nny^j; Sydney, die& suddenly ou Tuesday night, .? ?'* theburstingoT a ^bl6M;yesrtl.'iy,.7 Apensionof-je^ -h^bem^otedjby;.tha r,4f' .New Zealand OoverntDent to Tawhiao, thevr *- Maori King.* - ? v.f. ?' ' Iu oonsbquepoa Cf tbe expected jmpositi-jB',f3.iff j /o£.a Vidtoriari stook.tax^e'rflisarnsli^f cattle into'Viotoria at tb e S wan-il ill S' d jTooeyb no ; 'crpsiinjrtOfi ihaMurray.^,'^1 t ' ? ; Jir. fiattw hasfte6eived a*,cabJ^ram ' f^ .Mr,j -- arrival at Colojaibo. 1 3Ie 4as greatly J-enefi ted - - ? ? bytht Voyage, v ' ?? ? . A cbmplimentary innobeon'was $iven to Mr,- . . ilutohihsdu st Austrsta&fittsl ^oo tho l3^h, by ^e^tlemen identiGed :with tbe ' , Northern obuene^^ the ^ra itf his depiirtare fo San Franmsoo. 4 k ? Aftec^s iWike extehding ;over Bve moaths, '? \ the ineirtt the Hunter River Oop^r-tfinelting v r Works 'Pc-rt ^Wsiratah : resbpisd r work - '«»n . ? Tuesday.' J?Thyy fcavejsceepi&l k Wiluuinutxif ?; -. 10 pri cent, in their wages.' ' ; . ' I 