 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. A great banquet of the Nonconformist and Liberal Unionist Associations, was held in tho Memorial Hall, Farringdon street, last Friday eveniog. Lord Salisbury delivered on address in which he declared that the holding of Uganda, and the building of railways by Great Britain, will kill the slave trade in Central Africa, and it was tbe greatest chance ever intrusted to a Government. It is reoorted that trie British Cabinet has decided to retain possession of the territory of Uganda, proposed to be abandoned by tbe British East African Company. The Democratic party in the United States, as the result of the election of Mr. Grover Cleveland to the Presidency, ate proposing the holding uf a special session of Congress for the purpose of passing a bill abolishing the duties on wool, silver, tinplates, and lead. The English, factory owners are rejoicing at this step. Archbishop Vanghan, of Westminster, successor to the late Cardinal Manning, has delegated to a number of the best priests in England the duty of controverting tbe popu lar errors prevalent in England respecting the Roman Catholic Church. Among other duties assigned' to these priests is the somewhat nn nsnal one of meeting opponents in public halls for debate. In financial circles in the city it is thought that the decision of the Government of West Australia to issue the grants of laud to the Midland Railway Company will materially benefit the colony. City men generally dep. reoate the quibbling that has taken place, they holding that the company were entitled to the land as a matter of right. The Trading World in alladiug to tbe quest ion of the coinage of silver at tbe Melbourne and Sydney mints, says that in the event of Viotoria only having permission to coin it would he quite .possible for New South Wales to put a tax upon the silver coined at the Mel bourne mint, and thus oompel Victoria to take the silver either to London or America. The Daily Chronicle, in commenting on the result of tbe trial of tbe accused pe'8--DB in connection with the late Austral ian Banking Comp&ng in 8ydnry. says that the Icbsou to be drawu from the sentence passed on Franois Abigail was much needed. U expr-6868 the hope that tho sentence will meet with tbe approval of the colonists. The anarchists of Paris threaten a great campaign if ihe man Francois, who iB in custody on a charce of complicity in the ex plosion at M. Very'e restaurant, is extradited. It is confidently believed that the satvago operations which are being carried nut in con nection with the stranding of H.M.S. Howe will 'esult in the vessel beiug floated. The uewspapers uf Austria-Hungary con tinu« to be greatly excited over Priuoo Bis marck's advice to frnssia to seize StambouJ. lo the course of r.n interview Prince Bis marck denounced the exchange of Zanzibar for Heligoland He deolares that Heligoland is useless to Germany, and will fall at tho first attack. The Notional Zeitungi * Berlin journal, con trasts the energetic action of tbo New South Wales Government in regard to the strike leaders at Brokco Hill with the miserable weakness of the French Miuiatry in counectiun with the C&rmaux miners' strike, The cotton lookout in Lancashire has com menced. It affects 14,000,000 out of 44,000,000 spiudltB, An unemployed demonstration in Trafalgar sqoate has resulted in a 41 fizzle.' Tbe unemployed have made an attempt to mob the office of £t. James e Oasette, Dorset street. Whitefrfars. EC. The paper bad described the uucmployed meeting as being composed of loafers and lads. The police having dispersed tho gathering, an interview was sought with tbe editor, bat he declined to either withdraw the remarks complained of or apologise. A comber of the unemployed leaders in London have made incendiary speeches. They threaten that a quarter of a million men will be driven to resort -to desperate measures if the police continue to provoke them. The Sultau of Morocco has canoeiled the concession granted to the French to build a railway from Morocoo to the Algerian frontier. A deadlock in the negotiations has resulted. The Rev. JameB Spnrgeon and other officers of the London Metropolitan Tabernacle have issued a circular, declaring that only an im mersed believer can be permanent pastor of tbe Tabernacle. Colonel Clibbora, the commandiuu offioer of tbe Salvation Army in Switzerland, and his wife have been expelled from that country. The London Daily Chronicle confirms the report that Sir Robert Hamilton, Governor of Tasmania, will return to London to assist the Csbinet.jn framing a Home'Rule measure, - In a letter to the Lnndou Times, Sir J. F, Garrick, Agent-General for Quccoekcd, ex presses his assurance that bofore long Sir risiuuel Griffish will be able to givo provincial government to North Queensland. The French War Office officials have pro nounced the shipment of Queensland beef, whiob arrived at Havre by the Otaraino, to bo of excellent quality. The uew Russian war cruiser Rarik, 11,000 tons, which has been launched at St. Peters borg, will bo capable of steaming 26,000 miles without re-co&liog, ' ?Serious disturbances have occurred at the city at Grauada, iu the Suuth of Spain. The Iieople there being grieved that, tbe Queen legent aud the young Kiug would not visit the oity destroyed (he triumphal arches which had been constructed, burnt the tax offices, and stouod the houses of tho conservative leaders. . . In London the statement that a strong Fxenoh sypdicateis willing to lend £3,000,000 to Viotoria, receiving script -in payment, is ecoffod stand ridiculed, . -Brevet rauk has been conferred upon Colonel Frpcoh, lately In charge of the Queens land defence forces. Lord Jlipon, at whose ?instance the rank waa conferred, declared that in time of. peace there was no post, in which ab officer could irender more. valuable services to the Empire than as . commandant of the colonial forces. Captain Stavely Gordon, nephew' of General Gordon', has bceu married to Miss Annie Stafford, daughter uf .Sir Edwaijl Stafford. Arohdukc Ferdinand d'Eate, son of the heirpresumptive to tbe throne of Austria, will visit Sydney at the end of March. Sir James F. Garrick, Agent-General for Queensland, baa a- letter in the Times, this morning, in which he states that Sir Samuel Griffith's Ministry is aoxioua to give provincial government to the 'north, and brfore long they will be able to do so. General Booth, the bead of the Salvation Army, ie goicg to visit 'Witraepeg, the capit al of Manitoba, in Canada, next summer with tbe view of establishing a colony of tbe sub merged tentli. Mrs C. S. Farnell has been declared baukru^t, and it is suggested that the bank ruptcy is oounected with the Irish National League funds banked in Paris. The Loudon Times says that the Northern and Central Divisions of Queensland have made out a strong ease in favour of separation. The failure of Sir Samuel Giiffitb to carry tbe Consitutiou Amendment Bill, providing for : provincial separation, revives the agitation la favour of complete separation. H.M.S, Satellite has been commissioned to replace H.M.S. Royalist on the Australian i station. . Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbou, chairman of the Mel bourne Metropolitan Board of Works, Las indignantly repudiated an assertion, which appeared in a London newspaper, that Mel bourne aod Ballarat were founded by a bend of ruffians. The usual Lord Mayor's banquet took plaee at the Guildhall last Wednesday evening. Lord Kimberley, replying to the toast of ' Her Majasty'a Ministers,1' stated that the Government were adhering to tbe pledges which they hod made. Iu atludiog to Irish and foreign affaire said that everyone would be glad to know that the number of agrarian outrages in Ireland was lessening, and that there was every probability . of the Pamir difficulty being settled amioablf, all tbe powers concerned having agreed to a dellm ? ation of boundaries. A firm of Russian engineers and aclmtifio builders have completed a vessel, to be pro pelled by electricity, which they claim wil be able to accomplish the journey between Liverpool and New York in 28 hours. Mr. G. W. Rasdeu has contributed an artiole to Qreaitr Britain , iu which he asserts that tbe decision of the Marquis of Ripon, the Secretary of State for tbe Colonies, on the qaestfon of the recent appointment of twelve members of the Legislative Council of New Zealand, practically means the annihilation of that branch of the legislature, and be says tbe colony will rue the day that the appointments were confirmed. Information has been received that disastr ous floods have ooourred jd the repnblio of Costa Rica, Central America. The damage baa been very great, part of the railways and ' a number of plantations having been demol ished. Many persons are reported to have been killed. Mr, James Monro, tbe Agent-General for Victoria, has Bailed for Melbourue la the steamship Ballarat. Sir Andrew Clarke will discharge the duties at the Viotorian agency dariugMr. Monro's abseuoe. The Nounsti, one of the leading St. Peters burg journals, says that Russia doss not re quire Stambonl, but she must have the right to an unfettered passage through tbe Dar danella. News has been received that . Dr. Raindl, who was solicitor to the Jfrnperar Fr&ueia Joseph, of Austria, has been arrested on a charge of stealing £50,000.' It is reported that tho thefts had extended over a number of Years, aod that the money had been used iu speculations and lost. Tbe doctor has con fessed to the orimu. A Roman Catholic priest named Fay has been sentenced to one month's imprisonment at Dublin for tneuaoiug electors. The death Simon need of George Cbsilce, 8th Duke of Marlburough, in hie 48th year. It is reported that tbe United States Gov eminent have decid-.-d to proclaim & proteot- ? ornte over tbo Kingdom uf Hawaii. Dr. Renwick, the New South Wales Com misrionerat the World's Fair at Chicago, has completed his arrangements fur space and freights on exhibits, and is returning to L-rndon. An impression prevails in the city tliat a large issue of Queensland Treasury bills is impeuding. Mr. Tom Mann gave farther evidence before the Labour Commission an-1 stilted that he was in favour of tho adoption of a voluntary eight hours system, bat he would accept & legal eight hours day if that coald ba obtained quicker. He was also iu favour of the application of tbe local option principle to the eight hours question. A marriage has been arranged between the eldest soti of the Right Hon.G, J, Gosohen, - late Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Miss Evelyn Gathorne Hardy. The wedding will take place early next year. It is announced that tbo French Government have obtained concnsaiuus ftxim thu Sultau ot Morrocco for the construction of roads and waterworks in Tangier. A small black hairy grub, supposed to be the grub of tbe Bugong mctb, has made its appearsnoe in countless thousands iu various parts of the colony. Since the discovery of the two dead infanta, bcrted in a yard at M'doo&ldtown a frw weeks ago, the. police have mode farther searches and have found the remains of twelve other infants buried a few inches under gr- nod at the different abodes of tbe Makiu'e. A uew £1 note of an artistic design has 1 een issued by tbe Australian Joint Stock Bank. A daily supply uf four million gallons of artesian water has beenstrnob hy the Petroiia Boring Company on Cuttabulla, about 60 miles from Botzrke, A workman named Robert Brown, aged 60, has been killed at Saundor's quarry, Pyimouti While r&Uiug a heavy stoue hy a baud oreue he accidentally let go the handle, whiob, re volving rapidly, struck tbe uofortuuate man on tbe head, fnctoriug his skull. Fifty non-unionists, engaged before the termination of the strike, nave arrived at Broken Hill, and 77 men engaged locally go on to the Proprietary mine immediately, W E. H. Phillips, tbe manager uf the Aus tralian Banking Institute, has been sentenced to four years' imprisonment on a charge of false pretences. Griffo, the well known pugilist, was arrest ed at .Botany and charged with drunkeuuess aud using bad language. He was fined for both offcuocs, Tbe death of Mr. W. Wiritins, late Uuder Secretary for public Instruction, is announced. Tbe Markets Committee of the City Council reoomnund that the sites of the George street market, * and tbe Central Police Court be utilised by the erectiou of a market building, and by -the widening of Market -street. Rear-admiral Lord Charles Soott has ar ranged to return to Eugiand by the Oceana, due to Lave Sydney on the 28th instanC Tbe rain water, in tho Stephen's Creek reservoir at Broken Hill rose nearly. 3 feet on Wednesday, and over three yean' supply is now conserved. Military authorities consider it qoneoessary to form a cycling corpe in connection with tbe Defence Fpicos of ibis qolony. ? r/ The strike prisoners, Sleath, Ferguson, and others luft Deuiliqain -Gaol by ooabnj under a guard of troopem, for JerilderieJ- m 'mule to oilier gaols. Only, one of -them will go to each gaol to. which thoyjiave been distributed. They were all shaved and cropped and Jobked in good -health* Bennett and . Joiies, - who received the lighter -BenLeuoet, .will remain at PenFjqoii) GaoJ. The Broken ,i Hill labour Igadere hhve abandoned all hope of being reinstate i iu their former positions, and are seekiug cm ploymsut cLcwhcrt.' in otiiur callings. 