 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BT DAT. The English elections have so far 'malted in the return of— Conmi vatives, 124; Liberal Unionists, 19; Liberals, 91; Labour, 3; Home Balers, 4. Salisbury, 143; Gladstone, A letter from Mr. G. B. fifths in reply to English criticisms on colonial finance is pub lished in the Times. The -writer defends the colonies from the recent Btpemnut cut span them, andsiys that in siiim nf the financial depitiaion they have paid the lm.ioh investor remarkably well, and given excellent security. Tbe advance of the colonies daring the ltft 10 or 20 years had been moat enhstnntia!, and solid progress was discernible. No public man of any eminence hod yet been proved gnilty of malversation. Beticence and confusion as re gardB the public accounts had sever been the fault of the financial administration of New South Wales. Tbe present system of «oc mnts in that colony was the least open, to ohj^tiou. Mr. Dibbs contends that the ohject of building railways in New South Wales is not so much to return interest yetss to settle . the penple on the sail and to open up land. Tfna.wa* the true standard by which to' judge. pf.the effi ciency ud honei'ty of the By«tcin of Govern ment The unBOld lands in New Sooth Wales were worth 12s, Gi, per acre. There were not wanting signs la England that the State management of the railways, with all its draw backs, was preferable to the present synrem. It was iinposublc to believe that the dav fflmii tbe railways of New Sonth Wales would re turn toll interest could bo far distant. From tbe returns of tbe probate duties tbe estimate of the private wealth ot the colony was £69,000,000. Australians did not depend upon the British investor, and would have prospered without him ; but Mr. Dili!-» be lieves that London will continue to iuvo-t iu Australia because of the good return orTdied and tbe ample security Bfiorded. The Otobe-at this evening, commenting upon Mr, Dibbs'e letter in the. Times of this rtornim; in reply to EngliBh criticiBtns on culnuial finance, taya that be b«s proved the a Ivency nf Now South Walet ; bat yet (here i- vrxve danger that aby Government might buy tbe favonr of the working classes by the ex.'iMi'li turn of borrowed -money. New South W»ui and Victoria, the paper averts, ore desperately pressed to risk the refniul of loans. --, Her Miiest; the Queen had a cortiii 'inter. view with Mr Dilibs after lunoh at Winitwr Coatle on Friday. Mr. Dibbs says her Msj -sty was very solioicoua of uformatioo. regarding the Australian colonies. ' Mr. W. T. Stead, in the BmicK of /W-Itm disonj&ea the f oreigu affairs of ir/eat fi'i ?*.'', with apeeial reference to Egypt, He declares that any change o! Minktry at the present time would be for tbe worse. It IB reported that Knesia will attempt to raise a loan of 700,000,000 francs (£28,000.000) In Paris, with the assistance of the Crelic LyoaoaiB, The Rathtchilri's have refused to lend any aid towards the raising of th' loan. A Unionist meeting at St. 3ames'e Hall l« endorsed the sentiments expressed at the Ulster Convention, after addresses from Lord Londonderry, the Dnke of Argyll, and Dr. Kane. ... Mr, David Lewlss, of Liverpool, who died in 1885, bequeathed a sum of £200,«00, wliica will ultimately amount to £350,000, to Mr. G. j. Cohen, oJ Sydney, and Mr. B. W. Levy, to use it for the benefit of the working clashes of Liverpool and Manchester. Mr. £. Norwood and Sir W. H, Uonldsworth, Bart, Ma. P., were requested to act as trustees, and to ad minister the fund, which they have oo&dented to do, Bavocbol, tbe perpetrator of the dynamite outrages, has been furlber tried for 'the com mittal of five morrleru near St. Etienne. B» vachol made a gloating ooufeBsion of hiB crime, acd was sentenced to death. Tbe revolt atnuog the the Hazara*. a tribe on the Afghanistan frontier, against the Ameer, hoe terminated, the tribesmen having bees paciflorL The German preBS attributes the native rising at Dsngara, in East Africa, to tbo fact of the British having supplied the iiaiivca with arms. Tho Bnssion Government' has removed the inbibitinn upon tne export of alt cttc-afs and . cereal products frtim the Empire, with the ex ception of rve, ryeflour, atid bran. Tbe New Zealand atbletiateam nude a p6or show o,t aa athletic eport* Jnteliug beld at 'Crewe,. England. ? f. Wood ran eerond in s quarter of a mile handicap, but the otbor members of the team failed to obtain a place in tbe races they contested. Slann oas issued another challenge to Jaok son to fight for £500 or £1000 B Bide ami a purae of 2000 sovereigns. Jackson declares that be is too busy to meet Slavin yet. Sir William Jervnia, who is about to revisit Australia ana New Zealand, will «ail in the steamship Uuabioe, The King and Queen of Italy are delighted witb the receptiun accorded to them ou their visit to Berlin. Captain Lngard, administrator for the Imperial ftitish East Africa Company, who intervened in the religious o,uarrol bctwoeu ilia Boman Catholics and Protestants in OVan iU, reports that the tronbln aroBe out of the. murder of a Protestant chief by Ito.Mau Cotbo lios, which wan followed by a general attack upon the Frotestants and Uaptaiu Lugard'a fort. Tbe Duke of if otk (Prince Georga of Wale*) has. ueQD. appointed oomtn&nder of H.M.S. Melampne. s new second-class cruiser of 3,4U0 tons aud 20 itnoU speed. . . . ..: . It has been decided to volanUrily wind-up tbe ops) i&iiies ia Queensland. It ia believed that Mr. Munro has removnd the chief objection entertained by Mj. i hitaitao to tbe propoBed coinage of silver Iu tbe Aus tralian mints.* '.,; ..... Tbe Welsh are endeavouring to persuade. the Prince of Wales to take np bis abode m their midBt, and snggest that he should reside' at Carnarvon Curie, the birthplace of the first Prince ot Wales. .. ?? A retired clergyman and his wife in Cardi ganshire reoontly celebrated their 'ir u wedding,' having been married 70 years: The lady is 99 years old, and her hneluud 97. The PoBtmaster-GennroI has d^cir1ed...to.. sanction the penny postage and fcixoeuuy telegram avstem within * radius oi 13 nutes of Maclean on the Tweed, The diat-ejs amoug the miners in the. New castle is increasing. AC Ttfralba many mJDere1*. families us said to be on the verge of starva tion. On Tuesday the Railway Comnlsaioners proceeaea on a lour oi inspection amnj,' ma Northern line as far at the -jneensland buou dary. . ; ' There were 369 applicants for the position of inspector of nnisaiioea to the borough of, Uarriikville, at a'ealary nf £3 per vreeli. : ' During a quarrel with his wifo uu the night of the 23rd t soloctor-Dimai Jtmik Legg, re siding about 12 miles from Barrsba, sear Hamilton, wob MJed, Two blacks answeriug to the description of the Dora Dora fugitives were eoeu near the south arm of the Clarence River on Kriday and Satnrd«y l««t week. The Maclean police sr» jnpnraoit. - . - ; '-. '?'-'- Favourable reports have been receded from the .Quarantine Station in Sydirty, xud -be Oroya'a passengers are to be ^released Hut - Monday. ?? ' ' ' '? ? 'C- '?«??...-' ? . . The effects or the strike at Broken fl Warn already being felt in the neigbiioaringoislriotB of Sooth Australia. L-rge nnml»rr-if.;pVople are' doily leaving Jlroken 'BuVjuuT'it u ei-' foteii'tniseiodiu will continue, Tne Smith An«tr«lianKaiIW«y0ommi«iono.8h.,v«(«n;-ly Betiueaott of ihe etrute.. ? 