 LONDON AND SY-'.'tf^Y, DAY BY DAY. A aensatiou has been caused in Mow Yorlc by the disclosure of tho f.ct th-t the »P'V..rv of the Chilian Government w,, receive/ w,';. to President Hirrison's hwkouo (a C'.itt* Chili expressed proloniri .-n^ivt for '«.?? i-.:^ m,-,ro affair at Valparaiso, inil am: .. :1 ili: Washington Government ul i«» .!? ; .( ?? . *,. ,n to leave the question cf f^p-.ruli'' '. 'na Anierioan judicial courts. Doubts sre expressed in the ci^y '..- --- whether sn; powerful London bank ycu- un dertake the fioMicial agency for the Qi-- eim land Govcromeut after Sir Thomsa A!'!!, wraith's charge tgii&Bt the Bank of Englaa i, and the litter's action. FesBimistio views prevail io financial circlon respecting the situation in Australia. I* is complained that no real efforts at retrctic*. ineDtare mode, nor is fresh taxatinu iutre. duced. In coniequeuce there ia an iinprrseion that colonial stocks mil fall still lower. Lord SitiBbnty, addressing a mcclio/; oF about 10,000 peruiDi at Exeter, declared tlut the new Khedive of Egypt, Prince Abbks would follow the policy of his father, the Me Khedive Tewfik. Toe British Government, said the Premier, m very anxious to mnltiplj small holdicgs. The preieot of Gnierument money to Bupplement provision for old ape, in the scheme ul penaioafi, was iu Lord Salis bury's opinion, very ritky. Ireland vss still 'tbo Darning queBtioo.' Tho creation of a separate Parliament for that kingdom would produce eunh results as would compel the world to declare that Great Britain » us rc- i lie and he appealed to the country to Avert euoli a crowm'ug calamity and diagnoe. - Tho Cuir proposes tbtt the peasantry of Russia be rebound to the soil, and com|«ll-:d lit cultivate the land. Of tie product the .Sdi'e will retain two-vhirds, half of which quantity will be Btorcd iu Government magazines in eaoh commune for tbo support of the pea«antc. .The experiment will first be tried in two dis tricts. iQG vame oi me exportB irom tno unii^i States for the year 2891 snowed in men-.,-- : £13,000,000 on the previnoa year. 'J'ht .;:. |ort« had iacreUKd £5,000 000 Signor Suoci, of faaliug fam?. *ho etg' ,v. i: i, fait of 62 doya at the VVf Bimmistcr Aquar. :i,r , eolUpied on the 41th day. He intends to vi;i Australia. Portugal haB reaortori to special Uxati..- -..-. provide for a deficit in :he liihtiM -: £6,000,000. Fr&Qce and Spain have failed u- c-.r. . .-. :.t agreement relative to propobtid cuotebM ?: e - * a reciprocal nature in relation to tlie nu li!-- -j the two countries, the wine interest baa W come excited. The Baroneis Albert Rothschild ib dyii.f ..? cancer. The Standard aniiouncea tbat Mr. Bn ;!:.?[. r intends to in troduceinto the House., (C. nun. us a measure dealing with local government u, Ireland. The ioaue of the QaeccBland Treasury billa in to remain in abeyance for tht present.' The (general elections id Huupary : .-«-.-? tcarcely altered the situation of.po;i. '.':: parties. SeriouB election riots hivu t-.l. . place. Six persons «-?-» killed, aud 3o wounded. Lord Carriiigton haawri-ton to the Mi.v, . i-f Sydney, making agraceful rcknuwIru'cr'C'ii of the farewell addresa rent !?? him liy l.lm Municipal Coaocil. ' A triumphal arch supporting dnait raM-i: ie cue of the nuveltiee prepared iu the we-: -..; the Governor to see. Toe Victorian Act providing for the amalga mation of the lefgal professions vnm& iulo operation ou Mnndby. Profeaaor Baa* made » noccrkeful paracl:u: » descent on Monday at Lithfiow. Toe aeronaut fell on a fence,' but eBcaped injury. The Premier of New Zealand hat intimated ' hatitutbe intention of his G..vnmnwnt to k)-point labour representatives in the Legis lative Council of that culouy. A firo oormred near Canowlndi a ua Muv, ay kf which two children were burut to licatb. TV-re is great rejuioing throughout !br. culouy at the victory ot the Australian team inlthe international oricket match. ^Soroe toujhs are alleced to have ent uuou. a Swedish seaman oameil K. Anderson in Lower George-street atmidnight last Saturday and killed him. 