 LONDON AND SYDNEY, BAT BY DAY. The death of Lord Tennyson occurred at his residence eatly on Thursday morning. Lord Tennyson was surrounded by the members of his family, and -the room was in darkness ex cept ^ for the brilliant moonbeams which, glancing through the windows of the chamber, lighted np the face of the expiring po&t. The fiovoe Vrcrnya, whiob is this organ of M, Shiskns, Russian Minister for Foreign ?aaura, a eel ares tnat jtussia is willing to grant eoQcessions to Great Britain in Central Asia if Lord Roscbery, the English Foreign Secretary, adopts a conciliatory tone, but otherwise Russia will oppose the polioy of Mr. Gladstone's Government in the Balkans, in Egypt, and in Asia. The Ameer of Afghanistan la . making great preparations at Jellalabad for the reception of the special mission under General Lord Roberts, who has been deputed by the Government of India to confer with him oa the present condition of afiairs in Afghanistan. - . The Voseiehe Zeitung\ commenting on the decision of tbe British Cabinet to evacuate Uganda, in Central Africa, -declares that Germany has no hankering after that country. The Paris Temps expresses doubts as to whether Great Britain will really evacuate - Uganda. The oholera epidemic is now disappearing throughout Europe. Fivo thousand pilgrims died at Mesbed, in Pepia, during the prevalence of tho oholera epidemio. It is reported that the actual murderer of Dr. P. H. Cronin, whose body was fouud in a sewer in Chicago iu May, 1889, and who was declared to have been assassinated by order of the Clan-no-Gael, an Ir'iBb secret society, is a man named Geoghegan, who is now a prisoner at Portland, Oregon. Mr. John Morley Chief Secretary for Ireland, has announced that her Majesty's Government has decided to appoiet a small Royal Commission to report promptly upon the efiectoal measures necessary for dealing with tbe evicted tenants in Ireland, The Times Bays that Mr. Morley has struck % deadly blow against all land contracts in Ireland, and regards bis surrender as pitiful. It is estimated that abost 15,000 men con* ceo ted with the shipbuilding toads oa th* Clyde are now out of employment. The centenary of the proclamation of tho French Republio has been celebrated through out France with many imposing festivities. A comemorative- ceremony held in the Pantheon, Paris, is estimated to have obst 200,000 francB (£8,000). Tbe Rev. Thomas Spurgeon, lately of New Zealand, Bon of the late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, is willing to accept the pastorate ? of tho London labernacle, but tbe adherents of the Rev. Dr. A. T. Piereoo, the American Pres byterian preacher, who occupied the pulpit during Mr. Spuigeon's fatal illness and after wards, are not content with this appointment. ' In oonneotion with the oase of the woman whose, mutilated body was discovered doring August in a ditch near Althn(p; the relatives of Andrew Macrae, a grocer's assistant, who stands committed upon the charge of having murdered the woman, whoso name is said, to be Annie Pritchard, are reported to be in a position to prove that Annie Pritceard is alive, and to produce ber in court. They assert, that the case is ono of mistaken indentity. After^a^triol which lasted over a ooe week the prisoners charged with having conspired to defraud by means alleged bogus literary and art societies were found guilty. William James Morgan was sentenced to eight years*, James Sidney Tomkins to five years,' William Nathan Steadman to 15 months', Sir Gilbert Edward Campbell, Bart., to 18 mouths', David William Tolmie to Bix months', and Charles -Montague Clarke to four month', im prisonment respectively. The Chinese have turned back 44 of Colonel YanotTs Russian forco on the Pamirs who had advanced upon Toshkurgan, iu Chinese territory. More Russian rcinforccments for the Pamirs aro passing through Tasbkend. In Kansas a band of rubbers hns wrecked a train carrying a million dollars. Five passeng ers were killed, ^and traiy were iujuteri. The Archbishop of Canterbury and many of this English bishops have initiated a fund for the purchase of the site is Palestine which General Gordeu identified as the sepulchre of phrist, Tasmania is also awaiting a ohanoe of floating a loan. Queensland and South Australia hope to abstain .until the begiaing of next year. President Garnot has pardoned Mr. Parker Deacon, the American gentleman who was sentenced to 32 months imprisonment for having shot M. Abeille in hu wife's apart* merits at the Hotel Snlendide io C.ann^M. ' Billy ' Smith, formerly of Australia, has met Maherin a match at Portland, Oregon, and knocked him down in the 25th round. A sensation has been caused in Constant!* oople fay a note in which the Russian Govern ment calls the attention of Turkey to, the. serious results whiob may follow should the relations of Turkey with the principality of Bulgaria become contrary to those prsvided: for by existing treaties.. An expedition to the Karakonzm Range, in tbe Himalaya Mountains, has discovered p lake of snow extending over an area of 300 tquare miles of mountains. The British man-of-war has been ordossd to Vladivostok, with tbe view of inquiring into . the seizure of British sealing vessels by a Russian gunboat. The new issue of £100,000 worth of de bentures by Messrs, Chsffey Brothers in con nection with tbeir irrigation colonies on the River Murray has been over-subscribed. A Plague has broken out amongst the cattle at Maryborough, in Leinster, Ireland. Three hundred cattle have died, Mr. Strccter, tbe well-known jeweller, says that Australia is pregnant with every descrip tion of precious stones. He predicts that Australia will become in the near future au Eldorado of commercial enterprise. The Russians hove seized another British sealing vessel in Behring'e Sea. This makes the seventh British sealer seized ' by the Russians, y It is reported that Mr. Gladstone haB invited Archdeacon Howell to propound a Dis establishment Bill, on lines whioh woald be acceptable to the Welsh clergy. The steamship Moripoea, which left Sydney for 8an Francisco on Monday last, took £200,000 infold. A new pattern of letter box is being adopted by the Postal Department. ' The ofhoial opening of the ?, Oulcairn to Corowa railway will take place oa Monday, next. y . Two large peorla, valued at £1,000 and £700/ , have been found at the North-west -pearling grounds, W^sfern Australia.' On 'Sunday Mrs . Jordan, an old resident of ? the'» Mouut 'Donald district, 'died' at the mg&fOt 103 years. ? ? ? ?_ At the earliest opportunity Mr. Frank ' Farnell, M.X-,A,» wiU introduce iuio'Psrtia* ' - uienta bill dealing with . the fisheries of ihe . colony. : ? ' Mr, Frank Farnell, M, LA., intends to introduce into the Assembly 'a bilMptended to cope with the. prootioe' of - gauiing, 'aud to legalise the use ^6f -the totaiisator ou rsoe- * '? courses. '?''0^™#-'. ^ On -Moods^F notice was posted at the office of ths'tBsDambi mine, fiui », givin, the tneM 14 days' iiuliuu of Ihur discharge. Alter that penod'tbosu seeking Jts-eMpJojuitijc will have to be iutcrview^U by the management. 