 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The police Btation.at Angers, a city in Franco 160 miles from FarfB, has been the scene of a dynamite outrage, the explosive having been designedly concftahid ou the premises. No lives were lost. Two attempted outrages by moaoB of dyna mite are reported from Puebla Nueva, in the . provinoo of Toledo, Spain. The police iu Berlin have succeeded in arresting many members ol the Anarchists party here. A party of PoUBh Anarchists have murdered Bishop Foninski. The mnrdorers were pur- sued, and in endeavouring to make good their oscapc, two of the criminalB were bbot by the police. Two others of the Anarchists then committed Buicido. The Coirwumn-cuUh, an English Anarchist newspaper, publishes an inflammatory axtiote commenting upon the sentences passed upon the vValsall Anarchists. It incites tbe Anarchists to murder Mr. Henry Matthews (the Home Secretary), Mr. Justice Hawkins (before whom tbe prisoners were tried), and Police-inspector Melville, of Walsall. The Editor has been arrested. The German section of the Socialist party in Chicago is arranging for a great Socialist demonstration to take plaue in that city uu Mayday, and has issued a ciroular which is decidedly anarchist in tone. Abbas Pasba, the new Khedive, refused to allow the public reading of a finnan issued by tbe Snltan until he had been informed of its contorts. The Khedive believed that in this firman the Porte defined the eastern frontier of Kgypt in such a way as to exolnde the Peninsula of Sinai. A serious conflict hsB taken place at Wyom ing, in the United Stites, between a gang of cattle thieves and the police, resolting in the Iobb of 46* lives. Tbe .police endeavonred to airest sovcral of the cattle thieves, and in a fight which ensued, 28 of tbe latter were killed. Eighteen police also lost then- lives in. the euoouuter. » An extensive fire has taken place in Tokio, the capital of Japan, About 6,000 houses were destroyed, rendering great numbers of people homeless. The report of the maBsacre of a French party on the Biver Niger, in Western Africa, com manded by M. Me mrd, is confirmed. Advices have been received in Paris to the effect that the position ot Colonel Humtiert's expedition in the French Soudan is desperate, i he expedition being able neither to retreat nor to advance. Tho strike of the Durham coalmlnera in volves a loss in men's wages amounting to a. quarter of a million sterling. In the Canadian House of CoramonB the mation affirmiug the right of tbe Dominion to make commercial treaties with foreign Powers was submitted and rejected. The Hun. George E. FoBter, Minister of Finance in the Canadian Government, opposed the proposition on the ground that it was equivalent to an assertion of iudepeudeooe. * . H.M. Bhips Hyacinth and Rattler, on the China station, have betn ordered to Pahmg, in tbe Malay PeninBular, in order to protect British subjects.- ?? ?? ?. ? Denbam Villa, the scene of tbe R.inhiU crimes, is now being demolished, and the debris burned. ? - ? ? ' ' : The Bight Hon. O. J. GoBchen, Chancellor of the Exchequer, has delivered his Kudgns Spoeob in tbe House of Commons. He stated thatlast year there was a BurpluB of £1,067,000. The death dues yielded £689.000 above tho estimate. The revenue from stamp duties was £4«0,OOU bolow the estimate. Iir. Goschen estimated the expenditure for next year at £90,263,000, and tie-revenue for the same period at £90,477,000. It was not intended to propose any remissions of taxation, except ?- small rcduotion in patent fees, A uniform duty of 2s. par gallon on sparkling wines would be pronoiiod, instead of the prevent dual tax. Mr. Horatio Bottomley, Sir Henry Isaacs^ Mr. Joseph Isaaus, and Mr. Charles Doltoan, have been committed for trial Trom the Bow street Police Court, on a chmge of having cou Bpirod to defraud the Hansard Publishing Union of over £30,000. Fruitless Margaret of Prussia, who bal been spoken of as tbe bride nf Princo George, has the distinction of being the only pretty Prussian Princess'. She wUl bo 22 this month, and i« dowered to the extent of £100.000. , A bill introduced into the LoaiinuOB limits the power of a married woman to run up bills in her husband's name. Snnday was the 89th anniversary of St. John's Cbnrch, Parramatta. A 17oz. nugget of gold was bronght into Mnagee the other day from the Limostene mine. It is probable that the inquiry into the oborges made against the Chief ilaUway Com. muaionor by Mr. Sohey will be initiated on the 25th instant. Tho Albnry vintage returnB are scarcely up to the average as regards quantity, but tbe strength of the mu»l is greater tbaii usual, . Daring the year 1891 the total expenditure in connection with tbo Holds and Uridgei De r*rtment amounted to '£1,232,876 ,17s. Id. At a meeting of the Ohioago Uxhibition Commission, held last week, a. motion in favor of obtaining exhibit! arum the South Sea trade was carried, ' ' - -.????'??/ ? .;-.: ?'.!-?'?'.. . -The trial of Alexander M 'Crow lor the murder. of bi« wife -was .concluded lutSatar day uighti. the priitmBr being found guilty nud -ooudempod to oesthi -. -' ' !;,: '^f/f'x^i ?' - ? SumnelKirby was on Tuesday aeptenoM to . two years'1 iinprjsoDment,Vppn tbe'affinoBon; 'obtained agafust him laic r*eek.;&:-M»'»ing nuuoioualy wpnaded bi»«n?t^*.^.&.^fefe.4; Itis uoderatood that the New iZa^d^Qo^v.; vernmeot bos underoon»ideratio6-ilononielor : filing the toUjof thB-»m'miS»iMi'of.toovl*aoa i' Wvlectiou instead utapuuintiheiit^''' '-'-^v'-V-'- -? r Mr. Dibbi ha. informed tho ,Vibtori»o,:Gfl.:; verumeiit tout it is propuaed jo '?vnanie S» 'Jull nuonull o»nle entering IJew ^ South, W»l«*. tn- . cludiuu '.stock fruit) i^Qjbiiat-AiiJ iiVbUuiIoii ' lor ' the Victor/mi murkcU). ' ?? ' ?'???? ? . ^ 