 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BY DAY. Information has beeu received of a dreadful tragedy in Ballyfaruan, County Sligo, Ireland. A woman killed nor three ohildren by holding them in boiling water head downwards. She afterwards attempted to commit suicide. The village - settlement scheme of the Queensland Government ia being favourably received in the rural districts, which Mr, G. Rsudt.ll, the emigration lecturer, is sow tonring. The Hon. G. B. Dibbs, Premier of JHev South Wales, hss hod conforred upon him tue honour of Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. The narrisgo of tbe Karl of Orkney with Miai Connie Gilchrist, the well-known buries Sue actress of the Gliety »nd other London icatres, was celebrated on Taesdsy, Information has been received that while the American schooner Undine was on a voyage from Ssn trunciico to Honolulu, the tint mate and an accomplice instigated a mutiny. They first poisoua! tbe majority '( tbe cn,w with drugged wliUlcy, killed the captain and supera&rgo, and then seized tbo vessel. The remnant of tho crew quarrelled over Uie work tsrigned to them, mi * wane vru steered for one of the South Sea Islands, where some natives wen engaged to assist in working the vessel. Shortly after tbe schooner put into P onape (or Ascension) Island, oae of the Caroline Group, where, the mate and his soaimpllce ware arrested on ths inforoiatioa of the steward. After the usual formalities, the men were remanded to Manilla, tbe capital of Lnian, the largest of the Philippine Islands where they are .to be tried. In reference to the establishment of a basis for formal parleying botween Groat Britain and France tor tbe cessation o! the despatch of re cidivistos to New Caledonia, whioh Mr. Dibbs ' hopes to bring about, it has transpired that M.-Moeltardon, formerly Governor of New Caledouia, recently suggested in on informal way that it was likely that France woaldasass sending reoidivistes to New Caledonia, and in the course of a few years would remove those already there, on condition tiiat England allowed France full control ot the New Hebridm. No suggestion, however, wob mads for an eichnnge of the New Hebrides for New CalndoniB.* A banquet wm gives to Mr. G. R. Dibbs by a number of financiers and leading city men. Tbe gathering was a very influential one, and the Bight Bon. Elrt of Kimberley, formerly Secretary of State for tbe Colonies, occupied the. chair. Msjor-Genernl Fremsatle, in re sponding to tbe toast of 'The Army,' eulo gised the exoelleut work done by the New South Wales .Contipgeiit to the Soudan, and said tbatitBsplendid patriotism was icoognised by the whole world. Mr. Dibbs, in responding, said that no colaniit visiting London had ever received so .many social compliments as ho had. Ho attributed this to a wish to honour Now South Wales. 'Tbe contingent was sent to the Saadiui as an indication of what tbe oalouiee. conld do if ever the tims should arrive whea Knglacd really nooded afniiltaccc. He failod to re? that Imperial federation would benefit tbe colonies. No federation would bring the colouies closer tu England than they were at present, though a closer commercial union)was possible. He referred to Australia's hostile critics, and explained the efforts that bad teon made to obtain bimeGts for the colonies unilor the Trasfe Act. Mount Vesuvius is new ia active eruption. Mount Etna continues m a- violent Btatt of eruption. Details of the disaster citBod by the fall of a glacier at St. GervaLj slate that it is in. possible to ident-fy ^nuxnltarB of the viotims owing to Uie terrible manner in which the. bodies have been mutilated. In tevarol o»«es the heads snd limbb of tbe vktiins bad been torn iniY. Auotbor glacier disastur is re ported this time from Upper Savoy. Part of a. glacier fell in the Chamouni Valley and do stroyed a portion of tho Ivwq. Fifteen persons were killed. The FrcmdmWatt, a Berlin journal, declares that the Alniquis of Salisbury bas always pocsessed tho confidence of every lover of peace. During Ms term of office he has pro. totted tho interests of Great Britain in every . way, and bin efforts in the Kast have ucoa orowndd with success. The same journal isx presses the hope that bis successor will main tain tho same affairs. In Ugiuda fighting between the natives lms coded, and the missiouSrieti are safe. In Aaair county, Kentucky, U.S.A., r.banci of robhars stopped a. traiti, shot, the polios guards, blew open the train safe, and Btola £6aoa la Groeoe sucoassfal experiments havo been mado Kith the dtstmmtion of mieo by inoou iating them with the bacillus of typhoid. London importers of Australiaufroeen meat assert that if -ew8onth Wales exports largely it will be impossible for her mutton to realise above 21 per Ib. Mr. Tbomai Cook, founder of tho Tourists' Bureau it dead. Be was 84 yearn of age. Obili will pay the United Stttes m indem nity of T5,0'0dols. for the attack made upon tbo mon of the United States ship Baltimure, si Valparaiso, Mr. Gladstone '« personal {riemfa, snil the doctors are pressing him to accept a poerago, sb it is feared thai at hie advanced «ge the strain of the wort In the House of Commons . would be too much far him- ' By tho ordors of tbo Sultan of Morocco all tho tribes accorded special honours to Sir ? Chirks Knan.Smith, the British Minister, on his return journey Worn Foe to rangier. The ship Locb Vennochar, bound for Me! bourno, lias arrived at Mauritius in » disabled ' condition, hiving- bnan almost totally dis mostod in a gale which eho .encountod. - Mr. Shorthand, the, bioyolist, has nodo a ' record by riding 413 milts ia tweuly-lour hoais. At the end of J aae the estimated *popalatlnD of TVcstern A'altralia was 55.S54. At Mudgee on \Vedncsd»y, l'r»nk Cridland was sentenced to four years' penal servitude for malicioasly killing throe sheep with aa axe. After faearingovidcnca,thsSoath Australian branch of the Geographical Society has exonerated Mr. lindsay, ot the Elder-Ex-' ploring Expedition, from tho charges preferred . - against him, Paring the qnerter mderi SOlh Juno 319 births ana 160 dsattit wero recorded in tho city. In ths enburus «r30 births and S5G deaths . were' recorded, if. ? ' ? .;?--- At Weilmoringle station, near Brotrsnias, the rouBeabontBhsve hicrease in their wogos ... from 25s. to 3d«. per week. It Is feared that'- . , '' the etrlke, will extend to other thods. -? John Wallace, the mailman at Clarence. . ? BiadB, is suppp»d to !»»» Iwsmi. woihsd' war \: Mie bar, and- arownsd whilst taking' nisils.; H'. ?' . . »orOBj from Iiuk»-t» Yambo,' losf Bstorday . J ? 'nigbb ??'?? . i':- ?''??' '-' '? ? ? ? '' ? ' ' , A raoBs meeting undaT Bib ;»oipicHi , of the - . Trades tad ljihoar Council -waibeld in the ' Briaef ' Vomtia on Satnrdaj' mfternoon ,*» ; expresHsynipaUiy with the minus an Wrifaj;-** '?? ;.. BrokanSai. ? '' ' ? V '??'? ?1':'i.^' .'I ' ?? . The Koyil Oominission appointwi to (nature ?in^'tbBchaiireBjnndebyMr. 6bh»y,M-X.A^ \ , ' ?gai4t'Ui89few«onth Wslen Katlway; Ooai. - '.: mis«oners,:.heloafnAhw»Httog,o»:Moiid«y. - =. lut-nOOewxvidoiloew»jforll!-»l»uig.n. . , V , 'HoffpisD, Book and Ca,;«,Urga 4siua.^ , ftctoriogjBrmioMtilUiiroo. hiveoIossatliBr . ? . -woi^L^n-.'coiueque&cB of the atAgpaUou' in '- irade. .-.'?' -?':.'' ? ..'?'?'?',?'???? TboAot!n/j Prernicr of Neir Soctli Wales Ittts arranged to hold a pnvat« anil oonfjilenliat corifcr&iicv witb the Inlxmr fni^ri^an* tri tit-ar what tllcV have. I' uty with t«i:ard to **%V. ttrikeatbruLcnflill. ' SpSs. 