 LONDON AND SYDNEY, day by day. The failure of the 8t. Petersburg banker* M, GunnMhurg, is of widc-reaohing effect, and is due to the. Russian prosecution of the Jews. Five banks at Oporto, in Portugal, have suspended payment. It is expedted that all the banks in that city will fail nnleBS the leading institutions amalgamate. Messrs. Henry Lister and Son, Limited, of Huddersfield, Yorkshire, have become bank* - rapt. . Their liabilities are pnt down at £100,000, while tbe firm's assets are £28.000. The Standard states that Lord Salisbory has refused to sanction an extension of tbe fnodvi vivendi in regard to tbe Bebring's Sea sealing question, aa desired by Amerioa. The &meii« can authorities intend to seize all poaching vossels in BehriDg'b Sea, believing that England will leave Canada to resort to legal remedy, in the event of Canftdian vessels beinff seized. It is reported that the Czar has declared his firm-intention to avoid war. Russia is employing 150,000 men in the construction of forts and military railwavs in Poland. ' J - Aa abortive attempt has been made to de stroy the Ssnt6 Prison, in Paris, by means of dynamite. Dynamite has been found in the Parliamen tary Buildings at Brussels. The impending political orisis in Prussia has been averted. Count von (Japrivi retains the Chancellorship of tbe Empire, but resiffns his jwsition as Premier and Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Prussian Cabinet. . A sergeant of the Royal Engineers named Holdea has been committed for trial on a charge of divulging the plans of British forti fications to tho French Government The plans sold by Holden to the French authorities expose the entire armaments of Malta, Many of the miners who came out in obedience to the recent orders of the Miners* Federation are dissatisfied at the affair, which has been followed in several instances by the refusal of masters to re-engage their hands on the ground of a stagnation in trado. Compensation having been voted for the families of the Sioilians lynched at New Orleans last year, diplomatic relations between Italy and the United States have been re* earned. A circular has been issued by the directors of tho Bank of Sooth Australia notifying that they have provisionally agreed to a scheme of amalgamation with the Union Bank of Aus tralia. Mr. Justice Chitty has ordered the English trustees of the estate of late Mr. J. T. Mac* kelvie, of Auckland, to pay the New Zealand trustees £37,000 for the establishment of an art museum in Auckland. The present liability ol Baring Brothers to the Bank of England is £6,500.000. It is not expected that tho guarantors will lose. In colonial ciroli-e in Loudon an impression exists that Mr. G. R. Dibbs will take the Ageocy-Geueral for New South Wales, aud that Mr. E. Barton will succeed him as head of the Government. A British punitive expedition to Timbo, in Sierra Leoue, West Afi tea, has been severely repulsed. Cupiaiu Robinson was killed, and all the officers and 13 men were wounded. The Personal esUte of the late Mr, C. S. Paroell has bees proved at £12000. Bishop Vaughau, 01 Salfoid, has been ap pointed to succ.ed the late Caidinal Mauniug as ArchbUhop of Westminster. Dr. Bergmann, tbe Gorman 6urgeon, has advised the Emperor William to undergo a slight operation for the arrest of his aural affeotion, bat other leading German doctors oppose the suggestion. The German authorities have deoided to abaodon tbe prosecution of the Cologne Gazette fnr it* comments upon the speech delivered by the Em]-eroi' Wiiliam at Rrandenberg. In the Uouse of Commons a motion for tho abolition of the common law doctrino in cases of conspiracy has been rejected by 22G votes to 180. The object of the motion was to justify boycotting and the Plan of Campaign. Fruit from Cape Colony is seliiog well at Covent Garden, Mr. Chcok Heong Cheung, who is visiting Eugland ou a crus&ae againstthe Angln»A*iatio opium traffia, has .iddrussed a nuoioer of members of the Houac of Commons on the subject. 3'he Queen was marriod 52 years ago, on February 10. Princess Cairo, heiress to tho throne of Hawaii, recently finished her course of train iflg at a school 'in Northamptonshire, and 'wiU jfpompletc her education at Wellesley Gollege. Mr. Stanley, ion his return from Australia, will, it is stated, try to enter Parlirmeut in the Liberal interest. It has transpired that a human skeleton 6ft. high has been secured for one of tho Loudun Board schools. It cost £7 15s. Fruit has been brought from the Cipe, and in Covant-Katiieu ncoches fetched sums ranging from Is.* to 2i. eaoh. Tho consign* ments aleo consisted of tomatoes, grapes, oucumbers, and piueapples. A small spring in Itosu-shire suddenly bunt out into a rivea40ft wide, and quickly flooded ao area of 20 aores. Efforts are still being made to secure the gold cup. formerly included in 'he Crown jewels, which was giveu fcway by James L A dealer, who purubased the relic on ^ the Con tinent, offers it for . £8000. The cup weighs over 41b.. is of fine.gold, and bpar6 the inscrip tion, ' To Christ the Peacemaker.' Sir Aucklaud Colvin and oibera were out hunting in India, when a wild olephantcharged tbe party, kuockina over the uli-nhant on . which a gentleman and his wife weie riding, causing the death of the lady. A wifo. separated from ncr husband, d ed at Hounalow from consumption, and the evi nenoc was thac ho had not allowed her the necessaries of life. The curouer's jury brought in a verdict of criminal uegligence, and the husband wab committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. At Carlisle a father woke up to find that he bad beou sleeping with the corpse of his grown-up soo. The report states that both went to bed drunk, the son dying in the night. A man was robbed of £135 in a Manchester publicbouse. One of the alleged thieves, on being arrested, ate two £20 notes. Three od wuineu, who were profisaioral husband poisoners, are to be tried in Hungary. They are charged with poisoning 10 husbands at the instignatihn of the dccea«6-i's wives. Mr. Bdisoa is said to bd perfecting another wonderful electrical invention. It is a system by- which communication can be carried on tweoo ships at seo, and between distant points on laud withoa; wires Another attempt* the second within a week has been made 'to burn the -Royal castle of Konigeburg. ? , The area of land now open for oooditional porchasein the central division of the colony - - is about-7, 500,000 acres. -,- . ' .? - The heavy raiti s to 17011 of last work wrought ? severa damvgo upon m auv of; the, .small home* .- steads onthc borders of liake !Macquairie. , The flecrefcaiy df^beSumhdale. Company has.? offered tbe Municipal Council -of Broken Hill, .to .snpply water froro Lh'e Darling at 5^ 4-ur - l(Kfl;galfoii8i ; ' . AMr,' J.'iifiduje prowu. Director-General of Foiests,- lias' .selected rabont . 40 aores of *ha ?' Government Te*etv'e; ^y Tartangauoa, near 1'e'ga,' vhioh ftn sugtfttlitheFotesnry Depa t« meot shuuld have foKa timber nursery. ? Tiie, Mi gaiy Twaler anpply, upon wb vh Drokeu biU depeuds, ie expected to liist ab ut iWos monks'* tb«'n the 60,000 gallon^' in the K-thole tank will be mid, end eftoa t.iat 'Dawson's road . Lagoon will be depended on, o lies tho water proves bad. 