 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. A terrible disaster ie reported from Hungary. . At ' a csrniral at Boda-Pesth a quantity of petroleum, whioh had been stored beoesto tbe room in which a ball waa beiogbeld, suddenly exploded, setting fire to the building. The fire raged with fesrful rapidity, and 17 persons lost their lives. Earl Doaooghmore. who was assuitaot Coih mwstooer lor eastern uoameua in io/o aoa 1879, has riddeu from the Pamir Plateau, in Ceotral Asia, to Stamboul, the capitaL of - Turkey. The Earl was twelve months on the journey. Tbe drink bill of Great Britain for 1892 is estimated to amount to £140.000.000, A political seusation in reported frona Kansas, U.S. A. The Democrat party packed the Legislative Chamber with the intention of preventing the ingress of the Republicans. . The Istfeer, who were armed, attacked the Chamber and defeated the 'Uemoorata, The Speaker of the Hoose, v/ho ordered the doors to be burst opeo with a sledge hammer, - assisted io effectiog an entrance. Political, feeling is so intense that tbe Governor of the State has asked the Centra) Government for a bsttery of artillery, in order to prevent any further disturbance. A rather aensationnl caso baa jbst been brought to ligb'. It appears that a woman child with the imnoted narentacfl of a London gentleman, who had married, hut was dead, after maob banting, the real mother was re vealed, and ehe claimed tbe child. The family who adopted tbe child aTe now suing tbe widow for the child's fortune,'' .Mr. Anthony J. Mundella, president of tho Board «-f Trade, replying to .a deputation of - 200 members of tbe Hoose of Commons which waited open him, aaid that if the railway com panies did uot reduce their rates before £aftter the Government would bring ia a bill to compel ' tbem. He was aware that the .farmers were tbe worst sufferers under the pi'eseut rates. . Conflicting statements are made as to the probable action of the United States Senate with regard to the Hawaiian treaty. Mr. Labooohere bss given notice of bis in tention to introdnce in tba House of Commons - a bill providing for tbe payment of members, The popuUr ferment in Egypt is now 'sub siding, since tbe Khedive sbowa a desire to . maintain order in the country, The Czar bas remitted the dssth penalty . the persons who were sentenced in connection with tbe Jate cholera riots at Astrakan. It is announced that tbe marriage of -Prinoe Ferdinand of Bulgaria and the daughter of the Duke of Parma will take plaoe oo the 10th April. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge has rnled that a master is unable to sue tbe officials of a trades union for inducing a workman to break bis contract. The Ripbt Hon. Robert William Doff, M.P. for Banff, has been appointed to aucceed Lord Jersey as Governor of New Booth Wales. A new series of beautiful oaves were dis covered on Wednesday in the Jeuolan Caves. The new chambeia are numerous and beyond description, and in beauty excel' any yet dia- oovered and larger than any ot - the other ' oaves. : At the Criminal Conrt on Tuesday Charles Brown, for tnalioiously wounding G, Hoan, licensee of an hotel iu Kiley-street, aad steal- '? ing £3\7 from a drawer in Htmu's bedroom', : was sentenced to . 15 yars' impriaonment, the . first year in irons. Brown bas already served .forms of imprisonment amounting to fifteen 1 'years. John Wilson Bennett, formerly manager of the Paddiagton branch of the E.S. and A.C. .Bank, at the . Criminal Court on Monday* pleaded guilty of forgery and embecxtemeui, Waa eeatehoed to ten yean' penal servitude. . i ' Cardinal Moran Jeavee Sydney for Bome in jthe.UrieoVwbiob aails on April 8. ' i 'it(is stated that the workmen employed by the'1, Government on tbe- Thedd's Creek re- pfainaltion worka, Jaave received no pay for the ' fast' five weeka. * 