 KOYAL CLUB NECTAB. TI-IE DRINK OF THE J^Gtt. LUOAS BKOTHER3, 5 MA.CQTJABIE PLACE, SYDNEY. Footlight Flashes. TIIE PANTOMIMES. A Second Edition of ' Little Bod Biding Hood.' ?TiAST NIGHTS OP 'BLUE BEABD.' 'London Day by Bay' at Her ^Majesty's ou Saturday. - 1UCH ADO ' AT THE CIUTBttlON. tut Night* of 'Falka.' Kiss Clara Herlvale's Ucncflt To-Day— A Season of Comedy at the lUjal— Harry ' Itlckurds at the Opera House — Con- ? tinueil Success — Drnlli of Frank Smith — l/uilsou's Surprise Farty-Open Saturday at the Carried — And Dramatic liana From All ::Pnrt«. Thoro ttui another biK house at tlio Lvceum oa Saturday afternoon' at tbo hiatinee, and last Suturdny sight th» new theatre was wull filled when what in dea Bribed aa the nooond edition of ' Little Bed UidiuK Hood' was atngod. Tbo ulterallous -Ui the pantoinimo oonuiutod of the introduc tion- o£ now aouga, dunces, and bis irouurally by the principal mombarfi of the oujjc, and Bverv item wnnfc anlenrlidlv. Miss Aliue Leamar ucore-J heavily in ' Wbaoky, Wbaoky, ?Whack,' and hud to giro encoro vorsoB, which oho did with much humor; and Miss Addio Conycrs was also warmly reooirod In 'The Smile.' and was twice oncorsd. A topical ditty, ' Suoh a Young Tuin|r, Too,' between Motisrs. Cuurtueidge, Slade Murray, and R. K. WaUion, &Uo wsut splendidly, »nd was thrice encored. The Walballa Bros, gavo a wonderfully clover ucrobatio dis play, which was vociferously applauded, cud Meisrs. Boattin and Bentloy did capi tally in 'Tbo Hottontota' and other Items. Mr. Courtneid(;o was, as usual, muoh In avideuco, and hie now songa, ' It Takes a Girl to Do It Every Time ' (twice enoored) and 'Up I Came with My Little Lot ' (ou oored), and his ' Sausage floll ' gug caused nulimitod laURhtor. Mr. Slado Murray was well recoiveU in ' You Can Toll Whore He Has Boon.' Owins to tho number of fresh items it was rather late before the curtain finally rung down, but from first to last thero was no hitch, and ' Little Ited Biding Hood' n*7«r went bottor. Thero will bo a matinee o£ ' Little Bed Hiding Hood' this aftornoou, when nil tho aboro songs will bo pivon, also one by Mr.: It. E. Watson, which we omitted to allude to in the abovo notice. It is entitled ' Waltzing,' and although ho ban givon it often before it foos down well. Tho matinee aommenoea at p.m. sharp. ? * ? Mr. Goorgo Bignold'n grand spectacular pantomime of ' Bluo Board ' will be Btagod for the lnst timo at Her Majesty's on Friday iioxt, and on Saturday uoxt Mr. Bignold will rovivo tho favorite drama, ' Londou I)ay by Day,' be liavinj conoludod arrangements with Mr. Bland Holt. The part of Harry Asoalon, the Jew money-lender, , played boro with success by Bland Holt, will be flllod by Mr. Lionel Kignold, whoso stay in Australia, by-tho-wuy, is, in consoquonco of provious on ragomenta, nocossarily a brief ono. Mr. Lionel Bignold oreatod. this7-part ah tho original production of ' London-Day by Day '? at tho London Adolphi, and it is said to be one of bin boat characters. Mr. Albort Norman, who has joined Hor Majesty's company, will resume bin old part of Henri do llellevillo, r.nd Miss Hilda Spong will appoar as Violofc Chestor. Mr. Goorgo Bignold, Mjrs Kato Bishop, Mr. Goorgo 'Walton, Mr. Augustus Glover, and Miss Watts Phillips will also appear. Thoso who havo not seen tho gorgeously monntod and grand spectacular pantomime of ' jjluo Beard ' must remember that tho season closes positively on Friday. An extra attraction this week is the appear ance of Mons. de Croix in bis clever feats on tho slack wire ? ? a 0 Tbo Criterion Theatre was crowded at tbo matinee of ' Much ,Auo About Nothing' on Saturday afternoon, and again in the ovening there was a large and enthusiastic nndionco. The sarao atato of affairs was noticeable again on Monday, and also last night. As a natural consequence we hear of no change yetawhile, and none should bo necessary yet . when one considers tho elaborate and magnificent mounting of tbo play, and its splendid all-round interpretation. 'Well may-Mosara. Brongh and Boucicault congratulate thom ?elros on tho success attouding the initial prodnction of their prcsont season. That they desorro tbo warmest support is Apparent, for neither timo, trouble, nor money has boon spared in produoing Shakespeare's great comedy. ,-???' .' .'?' ? ' . .' « ' ..».'. ' Tho porformanco of' Faika,' at tho Royal, this evening will bo under tbo patronage ana in tbo presence of tlio combined teams of Vic torian and New Sonth Walen cricketers, and it is expeoted that tho cricketing olnmont will Riusterinfullforoo. Tho last nights of 'Falka' are announced, and ou Saturday noxt a season of comedy will be commoccod. Since our laBt iflflno fsoino changes havo taken placo in tho cast, Mr. Harry Hodson now appearing as Tanorcd, and Mr. Edwin Campbell replacing Mr. Hodson as Folican, whilst tfjero is a now . Senoacbal.. Mr. Campbell makes tip very Batinfacforily as tho lay brother, and together with Mr. Hodson does exceedingjy croditablo work. In the first act Mr. Edward Allen has scorod a distinct success with an interpolated song of hia own composing, entitled 'I Love Thoo,' a prntty and appro priate little song, which is nightly encored. Ah wo haye over and ovor again said, it would indeotl bo hard to find a better Arthur, nnd . Mr. Allon dosorvos unqualified praiso. Mies MeriTale, Mr. Leopold, and Mr. Hunter also contisno to do good work. ' ? - ? ? The special bill 'to bo presented this after noon at Miss Clara Mcnrale's benaBt at tho Royal reads particularly attractive, and we expect to sco a large gathering at tho popular old playhouso when tho curtain goes up. Tho first and third acts of 'Falka'r will be presented, and thoro will bo an intorludo of mnsio, dance, and- ruoitation, ' when many well-known artinta from other theatrea will appear. The most influential patronage has been secured, including that of Hin Excel lonoy the Earl of Jornoy, Sir Frodoriok ' Darley, Sir Julian Salomon*, the whole of tho Ministry, tho Mayor of Sydney, and tho Various Consuls. Thin benofit li&n beon enor (etically worked up, and it is bopod to raise a »um suffloient to defray all tho heavy ?xpensex incurred by Mies Mgrivale oror the rooont oqnity cant. ? ? m On Saturday noxt tho comedy noaaon at tho Eoyal will bo inaugurated with a rsvival of '' Unolcs and Aunts.' Mr. Tom Cannam will appear in bis famous character of Zodokinh Aspen. Misa Alico May will bo Nolly Mailcy, Him Molly Rrowno appears as Mary Mailoy, Mr. Diver as .Fred Caroton, Mr. Hodson as Euport Bowlings, Mins Major as Aurora, and Miss Molvillo 113 Mrs. Wado. Tlie other charaotersaro satiafaotorily allotted. ' Uncles and Annta ' is an amusing comotly, and should command a goodly share of patronage. ? ? ? The Alhamhra Mnsio nail is acknowledged to be one of tho moat popular halls of variety In tho colony, and tho patrons thereof have ?nstainod a loss during tho past weok which will be keenly folt. Wo, of courso, rofor to tho death of Mr. Frank Smith, who for oloso upon eight years had been proprietor of this palace of amuuoraont, and fraquonters of tho Alhambra will bo long in forgotting his jovial faoo and chosry word of welcome aa ho greeted all camera from hia ohair at the outer door, Mr. Barrlsfton it now the lesioe of the Alhambra. ? ? Thoro was a houss packed from floor to ceiling lust Saturday night, when lfarry Eiokards uml his now Tivolo Minstrol and Specialty Company ohimgoil the bill at tlio Onora Holism. After un unusually good Ur«t part, whioh want splendidly. Miss Stolln. Tudor ononud part II. by giving ' Violots Blue,' ill a p'.casiug manner. Johnny Uillmore followed with ' I Forgot It,' and ' I Dreamt that I nan Dreaming,' and so woll did ho please that ho had to comply to two oxtra calls. Ho garo a parody ou ' A Hundrod Fathoms Deep,' and afterwards repeated 'I've Just Come Away from tho Inquest.' Unquestionably Johnny Gil moro's songs go down splendidly. Harry Biokards tlion gavo ' Slmkoepoaro'n Seven Agos,' 'Thon tho Baud Plavod,'- ? ?' The Blighted Gardenor,' ' Tho Futura Mrs. 'Awkins,' and ' Our Little .Nipper,' and live songs didn't appear half enough for tho audionoo. Tho ' Ta-ra-ra Lamont ' , ? was encored four times, and Misa ICatlierlno Vineoni scored a triumphant Buccess in violin ueleotious from 'The Bohemian Girl' and 'The Last Rose of Summer.' Any lunouut of other good items were submitted, in cluding n protty skirt dauco by Mils Kitty Synnotand MieaStella Tudor, and a sand gig by Misa Maggie Ooughlan, tho wholcj entortainmentclosint' with Gilmoro'a screani inif farce, ' Edison OnWone.' Tho new bill is r. bnmpor one, and oyeryone went away dolishUd. It will be repeated nil the week. .' ? ? ? ?'? ?'..' « ? ????.. ' ' Hudson's. Surpriso Party, now at tho Victoria Theatre, Nowcastlo, commonco their Sydnuy eoason on Saturday next at tho Garrick Theatre. Mr. .Hudson is well and favorably knpwu, and his qompany is '.a'., par- tiuiilarly strong one, including an it daoB such flno artists ns Uitsi Mabel Wobstor,' A;E.0.M., a soprauo vocalist who ban won the wurinost praise since joining Hudson's company, Miss May Habgood, A.B.O.M., tho taloutod pianiste, tho Pormans, Mr. T. C. Callaghan, Misa Gerard, Mias Dora Busoli, AHsa Florrio St. Clair.and lastly Mr. 'Tommy' Hudson lilmsolf. The proprietor's name ia a hoUKohold -vord in Adulaide, aiid his recent season in liriftbano was a hoomor. Popular prices will bo charged, and the box plan ia now open at Nicholson's. Tbo Montagno-Turuer Company were at Christoburch, N.Z., ou 12th and 13th inst. Max O'Koll opened his Now Zoaland season at InTeroaraill. ? ? . - r .- . ? ' ' ? ...» It is rumored that both Mr. Bland HoU and Mr. Dumpier will appear at the Boyal at no distant date. ? ? * Misa Lilian Troo will shortly mako a weloomo ro-appearanoe before a Sydney audience in English opera. ? » ? The Boyal Coinio Opera Company wore to begin a booeou at Hobart with ' Tho Gon doliers ' on Wednesday last. From Tas mania they will work up to Syenoy. ? ? ? Bateman and O'Grady, after a provincial tour in the north of South Australia, haro takon their company to West Australia, where they genorally have good luok. ? - o The Norman-Baker Company did not go to Gonlburn a'wr all. Mr. Albert Norman has accepted an engagement with Mr. Georgo Bignold, and Mr. W. E. Baker and other mombers of the company are still in tonn. ? ? ? K Miss MyTa Kemble will do a tour of New Zealand towards tho end of 'tho year, under the management of Mr. J. St. Clair. Miss Komble will introduce soreral London suo cosscb to that colouy, inoluding Haddon Cbambera' ' The Idler,' Pinoro'o a The Pro fligate,' and H. A. Jones' ' The Middleman.' A cable message announces that ' Mr. T. Cnrran, M.P. for Kilkenny, liaa marriod Miss Marie Brooks, an Australian aotress.' Misa Brooks baa appeared- at the Opera House, the- Boyal, and the Criterion in Sydney,- and, so far aa we know, mado bor last appearancd is Australia at the Melbourne Bijou. » ? «... Lady Clancarty sustainod sororo injury recently while riding with the Galway hounds. When crossing a high and difficult bank her horse cannoned witli that ridden by a gentle man. Lady Clnnoarty was thrown to tho ground, and sustainod a bad fracture of ono arm. Dr. Enthorford, who attended her, states that sho will not be abla to ride to bounds again for two months. o ? « A pathetid incident marked the deathbed Bconoof Mrs, Georgo Darrell, as Bhortly boforo Bho died, she sang two vorsoa of ' The Cuokoo Kougj' which nhe bod snog so often in the pro duction of hor husband a drama, ' Hno and Cry.' Mr. Darroll baa, it is stated, purohasod tho rights for tho colonlos of two now English dramas, aud it is possible that he may bring a company to Now Zealand this year. ? ? . . ' ? i f Carl JTort7., the illusionist, who was ?how- ing in Australia somo months ago, recently attended a Liverpool raon meeting, and accepted tho oft'or of a ,we)l-dr«siied bookie of '^50 to W' aaainst Windgnll. Windgall won, but when Oarl went to find that well dreased bookie h« found that he had por formed the trick now known to the magiuian as 'tho. vanishing gentleman.' Ho bad ' faded away like a vision ' — and taken Carl's tenner with him. ? '? ™ ' * Mrs. Langtry wisbca it to bo kuown (says a London «xchunee) that oortain ' Btatoments which have been made conneoting hor namo with an allogod supper party at the Savoy Hotel aro entirely unfounded. This aupposod supper party nover took plaoo, and Mrs. Langtry, who ib justly indignant, has offered a reward of .£30 to nnyone who nill supplT her with information suffiulent to onable her to take procoodingH against the persons who originated the ' Blander. ; ?. . ?-; -. Tho Cantbrbobt Tnres says :— Mr.'Harry Bickoxds continues to draw large nndionoes with hisMhiHtrol Company at the OporaHouso, Sydney. Miss Maggie Moore plays Selim. Onr own Maggie certainly plays Selim, but not to 'Arry Eiokarda' Blueboard. 'Arry, more powor to him, is his own trump card, whilst Maggio Moore is right and loft bowor and jokor to Mr. Georgo Bignold at Her Majeaty'a Theatre, where hor Selim in 'Bine- board' i» simply O.K — in foot, evory lottor in tho alpbabot. ? , ? ? . . ? ? ? The crazo^ at tho present momont of 'variety ' going London ia for boxing kanga roos. In addition to Profonsor Landerman and his boxing kangaroo at the Aquarium, thoy havo now ' Big Frank ' (kangaroo) and Tim Tnlley, a colored pugilist, doinrr ' turns ' nt the Middlenox and Sonth London Palace; at the Canterbury Mr. Kangaroo Jackson ia doing his bost against his oppouont, Mr. Crawford, and tho cry is ' still they como,' for we hoar upon reliahle authority that threo more kan gurooa will shortly, make thtlr appearonco in London. ? ? » Afr. Frank Emory loft on Saturday for Ade laide to mako all arrangements for a three weeks seanon of comody at the Theatre Boyal. On Fobmary i tbo company, which will iuoludo Minn Henrietta Watson, Mr. Ed. Sana, Mini Emma Gwynne, Mr. Fabert, and othora, will opon in ' Unoloa and Aunts.' The reportoiro includes 'Little Em'ly,' 'Casto,' ' Tho Late Lamontod,' and ' Sweet Nancy,' mostly entirely now to Adolaido. The com pany Ik a strong one, and many of the artists have not before ippoarod in Adolaide. We hopo to hoar of their snoo«ss. ? ? ? Thorn was moro than ono pathotio feature in tho funeral ooronion.r of poor Fred Ltfllio, but nothing was moro . ouching than tho in Bcriptiun wliich acoomLRnitid a wreath sent by Miss Nellie Farreu. Th- flowers wnro white, fashioned in the shape of a heart, whioh wan piorced by a dagger mado in violets, and with it was the brief line : 'From Nellie — a broken-heartad woman.' Thoro is no moro nincoro mourner for the brilliant comodian thnn hid friend ami fellow-worker, who shared 1mb groutost triumphs, and was compelled to leave the stage in the huight of her popularity, with but a faint aud distant prospoot of return to the theatre she loved bo well. Tho pantoinimo of 'All Baba or the Forty Thiores ' ontorod upon Us flfth weak at tlio Frtncoan's Theatre, Molbouruo, ou Saturday night, when all the principals introduced new Hongs and now butinosn, which woro liberally applauded. The matlueo performuuoe traa aluo largely at tundoel. ? ? ? Tho last inatiuoo of ' Tho Babes in tho Wood' was givou at (the Thuatro Boyal, Melbourne, ou Saturday adornoon, aud wax markod by the introduotiou of aevoral new foaturcH, which were repeated with oqual au'eceas nt tlio evoning performauce. The house was orowdid ou each oooouion. * -? ? Fillia Oiroua opened iU Melbourne oampaign on Saturday last boforo a orowdod tent. Tho porformanuo by tho Nubian lions was thoro, aa here, tho piece de resistance, bnt an iinru hearsed aud oxcitinj; incident whilst it lusted caused a groat oommotion, and now Mr. Fillis and his linns aro tho talk of the town. Tho AaE dosoribea it us under :— ' Tho floor of tho cage win. thiokly spread with sawdust, too thickly, indood, for, as it turned out, tho mistake had the effect of throwing th« audienuo iuto a stato of oxtriiovdinury oxoito nient, and porbap.i. in some cauos, alarm. As t'aptiiiu EiiBsitll advanced on tho lions which wero nt tho other Qiid of tho cago, his foot slipped, aud almost before the spectators could roaliso what had happened; Ptiaha, the lurgeet lion, had Bprung. forward, und was standing ovor him. So swift was tlio lnovo meut ot tho hugo animal Hint many people were under tho improssion tbni tho lion luul attacked his tamor, kuoukod him down, and was about to demolish him, and, of courso, thiukiug so, wore thrown into a stuta of great oxoitement. This was intensified when Mr. Fillia, almost ' at tho moment of tho contriifewips,' stepped forward aud fired several blank cartridges into. tlio cage, aud tho. words ? of the mauagors . and attendants who ruBhod forward, assuring the peoplo that thero was no danger, aud urgiug thorn to keep their seats, wero scarcely listened to. Women bogan to Bcroam, and there wero some of tho daugoroun signs whon a crowd is about to gut out of baud given, but happily tho incident — the whole thiuir only occupiod a few Boconds— was Boon oudod.' Captain Eussoll, according to a lato telegram, waa somewhat serersly bitten. Tho Dampior Dramatio Company aro at tbo Opera llouso, Auoklaud. Tuoy were to havo opened in Pottitc and Oonquoat'a drama ' Hearts aud Homos.' ..-?.? ? ?' » ? Mr. J. St. Clair, agent for tho Holloway Dramatio Company, now in Now Zoaland, has received a cablegram from Miss MyraKemblo, iuatructiug him to make fiual arrangements for her for the coming tour of Now Zealand. Sbe expects to open at tha Opera House, Wellington, about tho middle of October noxt. Misa Komble .proposes to introduce several London successes to New Zealand, including Haddou Chambers' ' Tho Idlor,' Pinero's ' The Profligate,' and H. A. Jon«s' 'Tho Middleman.' » o ? Mr. Padorewski, who sails to-day for tho United States by tho Toutonio (saya tbo London 1?ioaro of December 14), haa I'n doubtedly beeu the musical hero of the past week. His only pianoforte recital ? at St. James' Hall drew cloae upon J11000, aud within tho week ho took away from us oloso upon ^£3000. Tho remuneration, it will bo re marked, U about twenty-five times more than that of a Cabinet Ministor, and I do not sup poao that any pianist has ovor received so much— at any rate, in this conntry. The rooord ovon of the Bubinstein receipts has thus been beaten. Yet as rocoutly as 1S90 Jf.r. Poderoivaki tnnilo his debut at St. James' Hall before an audience wbioh hardly . pro duced a ten-pound note. Ho will now be away in tho Now World until Maj-, when ho will return to Europe, and aftor a short rest it is bopod ho will give one or more, recitals bore in tho hoight of the summer. '? ? » Waltor Bentloy'n recant appearanco at the Auoklaud (N.Z.) KM. Court, to answor a charge pf..ovororoivdiDg- the ODorn Houao, drew a crowded house. A free show of . this sort always draws. Mr. Bontloy conducted bis own dafence. Kin Worahip, in dismiBsini; tho caso, said tho polico had only done their dnty; Yet if popular aotora liku Mr. Bontlsy came round what muat bo expected? Mr. Bentloy'oaked for oostn, but his Worship said ho could not allow them, under tho oircum stanaos, bat ho thonght tho gouinl actor might bo satinfled anyhow with tho very excollont ndvortisomont furnished by tho case against him. And thon Mr. Eoutley bowed to tho Bench, gathered up his papers, adjusted his collar, swopt baok bis abundant locks, and loft the Court, and tho lawyora wont home and tho publio diupcirv.'d. Curtain I K » ' 8 B Writiiur of a rocont performance at tho Boyal Music Hull, a London Bcribosayn : — 'One of tho chiof features is tho porform aucc of Athlota, ' tho strongest woman in tho world.' This yonng lady plays with houvy weights as if they woro mero toys, and tho hoisting of hugo bar-bells seems to be bnt a pleasant pastime for her. Moroover, sho walks about tho etago with a stupendous wolght of iron hung around hor by moans of sort of harness arrangoment, and then a can non which it takos four men to lift is dis charged from her sbouUlor, tho concussion producing so little, effect that she snbao quently docs a livoly walk round with the cannon. Tho ohief feat ia tho supporting a vast mass of weights and f onr men, the wholo aggregating an immonso burden. Sho as sumes, for tho purpose of this feat, a oorai rooumbont position, o la Sandow.' . '« ? * Among the latest ideas for tho World's Fair lit Chicago next year ia that being boomed by Corbott. Tbo young gentlouian in ques tion, wbothcr ho can light or not, 'Boeing to have tho Americans ' sot,' to hho a slangy term. He has formed a syndicate to run a huge boxing booth. Tho buildiug, whioh will be built as a theatre, will cost .£20,000. It is said that ho took tha idea from the recent boxiug.tournuinonti at the Olympio Club, and expects to make a very large sum by provid ing flstio ontortainmouta for all tha world and his wife who visit the City of Pork. 