 THE DEXKTK OF THE AGE, EOIAL CLUB NECTAE. LUCAS BROTHERS, 6 MACQUARIE PLACE, SYDNEY. rooTLiGHT Flashes. 'THE TIJLES' AT THE CRITERION Enthusiastically Received 1AST NIGUTS OF 'LITTLE BED IUDOG HOOD.' 'London Day by Day' at llor Majesty's. COHEDY AT THK KOT1L, 'Ilia World Against Her,' on Saturday. Courtncldgo's Benefit— Harry UlotnrdJ at tho Opera llouso — Dooming Business Uudsou's Surprlso Party nt ths Gar riot — Another Xeir Programme and Last Klghts — Harry Sinclair's Benefit— And DnunuUo Xevn ard Notes from all Fartj. In'Tbo Times,' with which tlie Messrs. Brough and Boncioanlt roplaood ' Much Ado About Nothing ' at the Criterion on Saturday, «a havo boen introduced to ono of Mr. A. W. .Pinoro'n happiest efforts, for tho now piooo is (all of wit and Rontimont,' whilst its telling linos and airy 8a tiro aro particularly effective. ? By this timo ' Tho Times ' has boon' bo thoroughly digested by probably tho maioritv pf onr roadors that it is unneoosRary to apeak of its BucoeBso8 when first produced at lorry's Thoatro, London, in tho autumn of 1831 or. at tho Melbourne Bijou last four. Neither should a resume of tho plot be necessary for tho same roason. Tho trials and troubles whie'li doir tho efforts of Egerton-Bompas, tho wealthy, retired linen-draper in his ambitious schomes to outer tho socioty of the haute nobUta and the final collapse of tho parvenu, are boldly treated, and ii' tbo.borderland of caricature ia at times overatopped, yot Mr. Pinero's work is on tho wholo so ndmirablo as to on iiuro a highly ? successful run for ' Tho Times.' The pioco produced on Saturday bad every thing in its favor, tho audionco being large and cordial, the mounting nnd dressing being fully up to tho high standard of orcol lenoo always notiooablo in productions by tho B. and B. Company, and the cant particularly Btrong, Ukon uolleotively. Mr. Erough, who appears as tho central character, Egerton, Bompas, 3I.Pl, haa u thorough grasp of the part. Ho is tho prosperous linen-tirapor to tho life, so far as make-up goes, and whilst undoubtedly tho nkotch is a Quo and at tho same timo an amusing one, it is questionable ?whethor Mr. lirough does not at timos over do, and thus caricaturo tho idiosyucraflios of tho parvenu. However, wo cannothclpahoarty laugh at Iioinpos' ingenuous snobbery, but cannot help feeling Rorry for him in his dis tress. Mrs. Uroiijjh pivos an admirablo sketch of Mrs. Bompas. Sho is sot a bard task, because sho does not look tho ' old lady,' as Bompus so ofton calls hiu v.ifo, but Mrs. Brough was always womanly aud sympathetic, Cover overacted tho somewhat difficult character sho had to present, nnd on tho ?wholo Ravo ono of tlio most finished skotohes of tho evoning. Mr. Titberadgo, too, gave a Tory oxcollont rondoring of the part of tho Hon. Monty Trimblo. tho brokoii-dowu aristo cratic adviser aud friend to tiio family, a charaator hardly known hero, by the way. Mr. Frank fates, who appenrs as Viscount LurgnBlin.il, and Miss Bronda. Gibson, who is cast aa Beryl, got through their Ic-vo scenes admirably. MisB Maggio Mooro taWos full advantago of tho humor* of Mn. llooloy, and Mr. .Cooil Ward u's tho weak-minded and loutish Howard Bompas does more tlian well, Mr. Bouoicault is certainly well cast . as M'Shaiio, and was sufficiently vigorous in hiu treatment of tho Homo Jtnlor. Mias Emma, ?Bronton's Countess of Kipstow is a good charaotor flketo-h of that haughty damo, and in Butlioiontly dignified j whilst tho Miss Cazalut of Miss Itotner is an oxcellont Btudyof tho lady who writos for tho Rouioty papor, and Mias Kmina Toinplo's Houoria is fi.ll impnlso and vivacity. Mis* Ida Liston as Lucy Tuck, and Mr. M'lntyro as 3o\i, tho Borvant, complete tho enst. . Tho ono sceuo of tho four acts is laid in tho drawing-room of the IJompos mansion, and for this Mr. Spong has painted an oxcellont interior. Tho piuco ?wont splendidly on Saturday, and a brilliant success won undoubtedly scored, there boing a logitimato call at tlio ond of each not. ' The Times,' which again wont splendidly on Mon day and Tuesday, should have a big rnu if tho roars of laughter and warm applauso which g-ootod its production each night bo any critorion. '.*:'.-'* ?? ? ' Tho last nights of tlio fine pnntomimo of ' Little Bod Jliding Hood' aro duly an nounced at tho Lyaoum, and it will bo played for tho last timo on Friday, 17th inst. To night will bo sot apart ns a ' special juvonilo night,' when tho performanoo will begin at 7 p.m. and terminato at 10 o'clock. Children undor 10 years of ago will bo charged half prico. As this early hour will also suit a liambor of snbnrlian resident*, n largo atton danco is oxpectcd, and it may bo montionod tho box plan in now open for this ' special '? performance. Thoso who liavo not scon ?' Little Bed Hiding Hood ' should romombor that it is ono of tho hest pantomimes ovor »oon in Sydnoy. nnd as Mr. Walter Ruynham, who stago conducts tho production, is con stantly adding fresh itonn, tho pioco can bo Boon rooro thrin onco. It is worthy of tiion* tion that littlo Iila Ingorsoll on Saturday last achieved a special succons in a song and dance. ? ? ? . At Hor Majesty's Thoatro, ' London Day by Bay' is being well patronised and is running strongly. Sydney thealro-goera liko molodrama, dospito all that may t-o said to tho contrary, and when Mr. ticorgo Xtignoid sorre.H it np for their delectation, wo gut something ?onBational, always capitally mounted ami illustrated, and gcntr.illy vigorously aoted. Miss Kttto Ui»hop continues to do nniplo jus tioo to tho part cf Matul ?\Yillongliby, tho ?wlfo of Henri do Belleville, ai;d thi* last named villainous persoiwito is nplnndidly played by Mr. Albort Norman. Mr. Cuorgo Eignold continues to present Frank Gran villo as a manly and gonorous horu, nnd tho only thing that can bo urged against his lino performanco in that ho may bo too robust in nppcaranco for tho part. lip. Glover repeats Ws excellent rondoring of Genoral Granvillo, and Mr. Lionel Rignold works conscientiously and hard as Asoalon. As for the remaining jnombora of tho long cost, all work assiduously, and as hoforO'tucutioned, tho piece goos strongly. ' London Day by Day ' will mn till further notice. ? ? ? 'Unolos and Annts,' most amuping of Domodios, will bo staged for tho laHt timo at tho lfoyal on Friday iiext, and on Saturday tho ohl liotuo will bo ..copied by Messrs. ?\Yaltor Kovyo and W. K. Baker's Company, who aro to iuuugurato thoir dramatic hpu.hou with a rovival of ' The World Against Hor.' This leavos Mr. Tom Canuain and his comedy company but throo moro nights for tho pro duction of ' Unclos and Aante,' and thoso who havo not soon Zedekiah Aspen in his inarvollous and wondorful tonriis oosttimo should lose no timo. Tho comody H particu larly luughablo and well worth aooiug. Tho following artists will appear ou Saturday next at tho Royal in Mossrs. Howo and Baker's oompany :— M^cssrs. Wnltor Howo, W. E. BnVbr,' Honry Hodson, Harry Leaton, Harry PHmmor, H. Ovorlon, Brian England, Arthur Glyn, J. H. Manning, Mrs. Molynouxlhertirstapnearanooat this thoatro), Missos Edith Bhuido, Flora Anstod.Oftrr Glyu, Eldon, Ada Rochefors aud Fraser. ? ? ? ? Hudson's SurpriFO Party at the Garriak oortainly deservo all tho patronage aeoorded them, for the ocmpunr is a ctrong and olover ono, and thero is .noaroeily an artist in tbo combination who isnot a star. Mr. ' Tommy' Hudson was seriously handioapped during tho last two or throo days of last weoV, owing to tho indisposition of HlssWobstor, butwoaro happy to sea that this talented vooalUt was able to nifain appear last'Saturday night. Tho pro er.immo submitlod was entirely now, and it wout famously. la tho first part tho honors woro oyooly divided, tha Missos Connio Dovcroux, Blanohe Gerard, B. Porman, 'L. Jlol'orta and Bom Busoh, and Messrs. T. Hu3son aud W. Porman oaoh contributing popular iloma, which woro much appro ciatod. Misa Isabol Wobstor'a ooutribu tion, ' Mia Picoirolla,' was boautifullr rondorod. In Part II.. Miss Mny Habgood was enthusiastically rocoivod inhorpianaforto Bolootiou. Sho ohoao Asaher's grand arrango mont on 'Alioo,' r.nd so brilliantly was it nliijod that tho andiqnao was delighted. Miss Hubgood wan tho rooipient. of, a boautiful bonqnet. Miss Isabol Wobstor snng ' Tho Augol at tho Window,' and all tracos of hor cold having soemingly disappeared, fiho again did famously, and scored a woll-moritod enooro. A quadruple skirt danoo, with song, ' ShadowB ou the Wall,' by tho Missoa Por man, Gerard, EobortB, and Busoh, went woll, aud Mr. Hudaon'a ' Cogitations ' wcro humorona. Tho whole ontortainment con oludodwithalanghablo skotoh, 'ThoMidnight Intmdor,' by tho oompany. Mr. T. Hudson haa again snbmittod a firet-olass bill, and ono that should oommand patronage. Each item is interesting, and you got your full monoy's worth at the Gorrick, The ecanon closes on Saturday.' ? . ? ? In spite of the warm weather now provail ing, Mr. Harry Eiokurda and hiB Now Tivoli Minstrels and Specialty Company at tho Opera Houno continue to draw immonso houses nightly, aud truly may it bo said that it ia a uret-alass show. Thcro wa3 a oomploto .olmngo of programmo on Saturday night, of which oaeh item was enthusiastically eu oorod. Aftor a usually good first part, de voted to minstroly. Miss Stella Tudor opened tho second part in hor scrio-oomio gems, and was followod by Miss Pearle Akar man- in her very olevor contortion act. To lond variety to tho sceno, Miss Alr.ggio Coughlan jiggod to tho livoly timo of iv very good orohostra, undor the conductorship of Sir. Harry Burton, and this olover littlo dancer so pleased hor audionoo that an oncoro turn had to be given. Tho over-jovial and popular Harry Rickards sang with his luual lip'irit and clever stylo quito a string of oharactor sketches and comio impersona tions, and would havo kept tho etago until tho ' woo sina' hours if ho wont in to thoroughly satisfy hia audiouocs. ' As In a Looking Glass,' ' Thon tho Band Playod,' and 'His Lordship Winked at tho Connool' were each concluded to rounds of applause, and not before this favorito come dun had :Bung 'The Littlo Nippor' and ' Knocked 'Km in tho Old Kent-rood ' could ho get anywhere near his dreasiiig-room. Tho 'Ta-ra-ra Lamont' wont, as usual, with boisterous 'hilarity. The oharniing lady violinist, Madamo Vincent, rocoivod an «nthutimstio reception, and her Tendering of solos from the popular opera 'II Trovatoro!' was indocd a treat. Madamo Yiuooni is without doubt a. very strong factor to tho combination. Mons Provo followed |n his Shadowgraphs. Tho Blair Sistnra and Hosoa Easton sacaoodod in pleasing their audionco so well that they had to respond to encores. Johnny Gilmoro'o screaming farco, ' APrima Dor.ua for a Night' brought tho curtain down, and sent tho well-pleased patrons homo in a. simmer of delight. Tbo samo pro grammo will be repeated during the romaindor of the week. ? ? a Tho following will comprise the programmo to te Bubmitled at Mr. Robert Courtnoidgo'a bouotit at tho Lyceum Thoatro on Tuesday aftornoon noxt, February 14:— 'Betsy' (second act), by tho Brough and Bouoicaulb Company; first and Focond acts of Little Bed Riding Hood, ooncludiug with tho groat do'l ballet. During tho progress of tho punto m\m.V tho following now songs, &c., will bo introduced by the membors ot. the company : ' Finiouli Finioula,' by Miss Addio Couyocs; ' Twiggoz-Yous,' Miss AlicoLoamar j 'Cabby Knows his Faro,' Mr. Slado Murray ; ' Sing, Sweot Bird,' Misa Ada Walker; High Kioking Act, Messrs. Beattio and Bentley ; Imitations (including sovoral npooially for this occasion) by Mr. Harvoy. The following havo also given thoir services, nnd will Biug: Miss Holdeno and Miss Josophino Doakin will sing balcony duott from 'Gonoviovo do Brn bnnt;' Miss Jnnnio Loo. 'Tut, Tut, Tut I Who'd Havo Thought it'; Miss Clara Mori vnlo, song from ?' Falka ' ; Mr. Tom C'lmmrn will rocito ' Tlio Stowaway,' by Clement Scott. To conclude with ' Tho Aroa Velio,' with tho following cast: Fitohor, Mr. Lionel Kignold ;. Tosaer, Mr. R. Courtnoidgo : Y/nllor Chalks. Mr. I£obort Watson ; M'Croabor, Misa Mario D'Altra (her lirst appearance in Aus tralia) ; Ponclopo, Misa Leamar . (her ' first appoaranuo in farco). ? ? ' ? ? Coptain Jack Sutton, writing from Kiama, says Wirth Bros. 'a cirous, whioli combination ho has rejoined, is going strougly . and woll. Ho saya although not fully rocovered from bis accident of eighteen months ago, ho oan still handle a lasso. Messrs. Wlrtu Brothers nro to roprodnco their 'Wild AVost' act, ana tin) captain will play abig hand in it. On Sunday last, when jonrnoying from Parramatta to Bulli, a valuable borso died from over-heat. ' On Friday, Fobrnary 17, Mr. Harry Sinclair takos his boneflt at tho Bondt Aquarium, whero he has so of ton appoarod with advan tage, .Harry Sinclair is well liked, and his buuefit should prove a bumper ono. ? It is rumored that Harry liiokarda and his famous Tivoli Company will ohange to tho Garrick Tboalro; opening in tho Castloreagh strout houno on tho 18th lnst. . .-??'.? ? ' : * «'? ''?;'..??' Wo lioar that tho Garriok 'Thoatro will shortly be ronainod, and will bo known as Tho Empire. Why not rovort to the old same of tho Academy of Musio. ' ? ? ? a Tho Spaniidi representation at tho Chicago Exposition will include a band of a handrail performers. ? ? ? The Greenwoods when last roportod woro at Moonta (South Australia), whero they secured fairly good houaon. Carolino Outliers', prima donna of tho Royal Opera Houa.i, btookholm, is to (ing in America iu couourt. ? ? ? Tho New York Tbihun-e say Podorowiki'i concerts wore worth GOOOdol apioce, ? « ? In a recent issue of tho Molbourno Herald wo nttico an advortisotneut wherein Henry Shino apologiaoo to Mias Bella Boshall for curtain Trorrfs aud ' for whioh thero was no Foundation.' ? ? ? Mr. Harry Norman, long associated with Mr. Bland Holt, contemplates visiting Adu laide at an early dato and giving a Burins of jloontionary rooitals. He will be aulsted by rarioui local muAioiana. ? ? ? The Albua aro giving concert* in some of ?ho priooifal country towns of Bonth Anj tralia, but ulthough these ladies ar« trna lingers their ill-luck (according toanAddald* paper) aaems to haunt th«m. ? ? ? ' Tommy ' Hudson plays n oouplo of strong draw cards In Miss May Habgood Mid Miss Isabol Wobstor. ? ? p ? M'lmo. Albani goes in February to fulfil an cnpigomont inYiouna. Sh. will ba Uaok In England In Moron. ' « ? m Wo havo ovory reason to boliovo that Bland Holt will very shortly ro-forui a oompttuy and onoeuguin tako the road. ? ? a Bronson Howard, Honry Guy Carloton. D. Kovou, Paul M. Potter, and Playwright Thomas wero roporters. ? * ? E. S. Willard arrived in Chicago too lato to appear at tho Christmas matinee. The audionco waitod for him until 8 o'clock, and was then dismisaod by Munugor Hooley. ' Tha Profou3or'.i Lovo Story' had a rouaiug weloomo at night. ' ' ° * ? In oonsequence of the nad doath of poor Fred Leslio, ' Don Juan,' hia unuuishod bur losquo, which was to havo boon produced a the Gaiety during Christmas wook, was iut doQnltely uoatponod, and many pooplo thrown oat of worK. ? e ? Tho Townsvillo (Q.) Daily BcLLETra spoaks woll of Lyons' Tourist and Plonsnro Party at tho local Sohool of Arts. ' Tho Ialo of Beauty ' and ' Faust Up to Dato ' woro tho picoos produoed. Qua Lynch la with the company. . Many momhors of tho thoatrioal profosaion assemblod boaido tho grave in Charlton Ceme tery, noar Woolwioh, whero, on Dooombor 10, Frod Leslio was laid -to rest by the side of Ilia lato wife. Tho dend aotor'n two little eons, who hnvo boon four years mothorless, woro among tho mourners, thoir grief moving men and woman allku to toura of pity. ? « . Fillis is tlio man of tho hour in the Mel bourns show world. His oirous is doing onor mous businoss. Tho ' Stag Bunt, and ' Dying to Savo tho Colors ' aot have oalitfbt on, but the lions ara still the draw card. Tho ' Water Pantomime is to bo given to-night. » ? ? , Van Dyck, tho tenor, who is now rivalling tho rouotvn of Jean do lioszki, on the Conti nont, is ougaged during half tho year in Vionna.for which he roaoivos ai.OOO florins. This roprosonta only tho lessor portion of bis income. He is announced to slug in London, Bayroutb aud Paris, for which ougagemonta his Balnry is higher than that paid by the Im perial Opera Honso. ' ? ? * As overyone knows, Mario Brooks has cap tured an M.P., Tom Curran, born in Sydnov, aetat 22. Adolatde Quiz says : '.' Mario will bo remembored as ono of the chorus in Braoy'a Opera Company. Sho is oxtremely pretty, and as ono of the Sultanas in that Oriental opora, .' The Sultan of Mocha,' wus voluptuously captivating. Some young and old dados lost their hoarts to bar in Adoloida.' Whew I ' ? ? ? ? ? Aftor a yoar's sileno o, which :ins proved a misfortune to tho stage, Mr. Henry Arthur Jones will soon be represented by anew play, for it ha3 alroady been read to the Critorion company, London. Its actual production is not vory far off, sinco ' The Silent Battlo ' is soon to'bo withdrawn. Unfortunately for Mr. J. Houderson, its author, Miss Olga Nether sole, wiioso ablo acting haa certainly drawn many to tho thoatro, is nnder engagement for another theatre, nnd Misa Winifred Emery is off to tho South of France. An Amorican oxohango says : ' Tho amount of capital invested in London muBic halls is vory groat— about 3,250,000dol. Tho load ing ono3 aro tbo Alhambra, which figures for 500,000dol ; tho Cautorbury and Paragon, about '150t000dol, and tho Metropolitan, 810,000dol. Tho Quoon's South London, Royal and others fignro for 200,000dol pach. Bluokford, near Liverpool, and Mauchoster: both havo musio halls ropronouting greater capital than tho motropolis. Each figures for a GOO.OOOdol'Uouso. Tho London mnsio halls seat 15S,OQ0, while tho theatres seat baroly 6fl,000,oi- loss than onu-half. These figures show tho popularity of tho two in London. Neodlots to say tho muaio halls aro not especially Delect. ' ' * ? ? Tho last nights of tho pantomimo of 'The Babes in tho Wood,' nt tho Molbourno Theatre Royal, aro announced. Last night and to-night aro to be dovotcd to what is known as ' tho working hands' bonefit.' To morrow (Thursday) night Mossra, J. Gonrlay and H. Shino tako a joint bonoSl, when a num ber of novoltics aro to be introduced, including a double harlequinade, in which Mr. Gourlay will appoar as down. Friday is tho last night of tho season, nnd will boa sohbol children's night, when what is described as a novel pro ecntation will bo mado— ovory visitor reooiv ing a British fathing aa a memorial of the sea son. ? » » Tbo malintc porformanoo of ' All Baba, or, Tho Forty Thoivos,' was very larttoly attended at tho l'rinooss'a Theatro, Molbourno, on Saturday aftornoon. A Bpooial featuro of tho performance was tho introduction of a snakc oharming exhibition by Mdllo. Sohorazado, who was horo with Fillia' circus. The even ing's performanco also drew a crowded houso, and considorablo amusement was created by tho lion taming aot of Messrs. Lonnon and Snazollo, and tho ' forocious lion fakir.' Mr. E. J. Lonnen will take a molitii!« bonofit at thoTrincone's Theatro, on Wednesday, Febru ary IS. Tho Royal Comio Opora Company will commonco thoir oloventh annual Boason at this thoatro on tho 18th inst. ' ' ? e ? ' ? ? Rathor a good story is told of a London music-haUUingor now deceased (Fred Albert to wit) who, though' an ignorant man, con cealed tho fact when on tho stago by oxhibi ting a, largo amount of 'check' and unnj froid. Ho made it his businoss to sing impromptu Torses on any word or subject that tho audinnco might seloct. Ono ovening, in reply to his usual request, the word ' hotoro gouoona ' was shouted to him, and lie was takon quite aback, being in period ignqrauco of its moaning. Howovor, not meaning to ' givo himself away,' promptly adv'anoed to tho footlights arid said, 'Ladies and gon tlomoii, as someono has. takon' a word out of. tho Biblo, 1 mast respootfully declino to mako nvorseou it, as all Scriptural subjeots nro barred.' This fairly brought down tha house. There wore abaolutoly no flioa upou that einger. . ? *. .'?.?'? '. '';'.' '? Charles Martin, an ogod panpor and vocalist, was recently 'riinin' for singing at tlio door of a publio-houso in London, aud tho magistrato consiguod him to tho work houso, with a threat of making it gaol noxt timo. The agod minstrol, howovor— ho is 8G next birthday — hod been piping forth nono but such fino itrains as'.' Tom Bowling,' 'Tho Doatb of Nolson,' 'Wapplng Old Staira,' and ' Tho Old Armohair.'f Mr. W. S. Gilbert heard of tho caso. and nppealod to Sublio kindnoss, through tho medium of tho aily papers, and in such Bympathotio words that tlio sum -of .£100 haa reached him'; besides tho promise of moro to oomu from an amateur theatrical porformanco. Furnished with thoso funds,. Mr. Gilbert has takon Charlos Martin from tho workhouao ; bo has clothed him from top to too in warm, winter attiro ; and ho has been ablo to promiso tbo dolighted and astounded old gontloraan a guinea a wook — and xomotbing more if it be needed— during tho rest of bin days. When ho was buforo the nmgistrata tho antique minstrel meekly pleaded ' thai thoro woro aomo who appreciated him,' and thib faith iu ' noblo iniuio set to perfect words ' has not beou falsified. Thoro aro at loast two hundred and ouo persons, according to Mr. Gilbert, who still lovo Dilxlin and Campbell and the truo and bonutiful Eni'lish mimic bettor tlmn tho trash which passes undor that name. An for Charles Martin, ho bus himsolf condunnod his foolingH into an oxprjHiion which leavos nothing to bo dunircd. Ho nays ba ' fcols liko tha Dnka of Westminster.' Gcorgo Seo, of Wolnoy, hai won tho Pro fessional Skating ClmmpionHhip of England over a milo and a half coursa with throo turns. James Smart, tho holder, did not turn up. Tho Amateur Championship was woo by J, C. Aveling, o£ March, 