 LONDON AND SYDNEY, OAT BY DAT. In connection with ths disputed win ass now being heard, in wnfoh Uesan. Arnold and Samuel Morley allege that the late Mr, Hun; Morley was .unduly infraensed to diipose of his money to tiro brothers Mined Loaghmsm, who are members of the asot known as tbe Plymouth Brethren, evidem was- given to .how th.ttbe deousea withdrew h& capital irom Dts Drainer's nrm, ana gm the lough mans £60,000, which wa* to be «xpesded on tbe charities, thedeoassed at the tune com plaiaiiifthatlnwai sarnmnded by » lot of swindlers, , . . Ben TUlett, the well-known labour leader, against whom a gammons au reoeutly tuned by a Bristol magistrate on a charge of inciting to riot, has been committed {or trial. A Judge in Minnesota (U.S.A.) bas decided tb«t the Chinese Eidurion Act is oontnty to Urn Constitution of tbe United States, and * violation of the right of trial by jury. Theootton operatives on strike in lanca shire an suffering terribly, and the present distress is stated to be worse than bu ever been known sine* the Civil War in America. A number ol Coasnntiie members of tto Honse of Commons We decided to support u amendment on the Addnsa in reply to the Queen's Speech, to be moved by Mr. Jimes Lowtber, in favoar of measures, being takes to prevent the influx of destitute atUna into Ore»t Britain. ' Lord Cimngton, late! Governor si Dn Kouto Wales, in a apeeah delitned in tW But End of. London, declared that the mssilion of Bttte.iided emigwtion to Sydney saust not b» regarded as evidence- of any unluudoesi on the put ol the colony towards Great Britain. fope lea XIU W designated Cardinal VandteUi as bis Moamor in Uk- Sepal tbair. '..tostastedtnate^King Milan, d «ervU, and kit wife, Queen Natalie, whom hedivoroe* some-ean ago, have now beoome reconciled. Tbi British Cibiort hwe approTtd 0! tt» proposal for the orewion nt *'.£*lwar Depart ment, whioh it is believed will be superior t» sitiuiar departments -now in existaoos in Pnnpe and America. It is stated that Ht, lima* Mann Oabonrle»d»r»nsfeeii oBarrt, feat bas refused, ? porittai ia the Heir dopartonwt. The leading. finsmun In the dty approve of Sir George Dibbs's new taxation proposals. . TbtprooBedtngt is ooBaeotion with (the taa! of itba dinotors of.theJBaniuna Oastl Com. pany. Usitre Barbonx,.who appeared on be banal the inoriminated dinoton, has made an eldqnent speech for the defenoe. Be dwelt. spon tbe patriotism -*d the fetariou fume ol. ii. ftrdinaud de Lessens, and claimed an. acquittal for the defcndauts, as no inadolent. intent had been proved; and the trial bad. Loon instigated by »litio»l fusion. Tbe Panama Ou*l, be deaUred,. «? not a specula tion bat an enterprise, and he uroosfded at some length to defend the action, of the direoton and justify toe heavy outlay tbstbad been.made in connection with the openUona. 01 the sompany. The speech, created! a great impresiioa-,aiid.theadv-x»te'Wu greeted .wilh. . /ieqneot outbursts of applause.. Mews front Belgode, tbe capital of Servia, . states that serious noting ha* taken, plane iu ? the Gnamber of Deputies, the disorder arising, thisngh allegations of, tnasuu being made, against some of, the members. The Eight Bon. W.. E. Gladstone denies th* ?. statement that ,he bu invested money in. stations in.: Victoria.. A oonsin ot his .was formerly a.aqoatter in Victoria, Mi. HiTtar, jiiendimt of the Institute of Civil Engineer*,. «t a meeting, expressed, his . opinion that the oonstraotioiLof * tannel from Scotland to Ireland under tbe Irish Channel, waa a perfectly feasible undiuiaking, The depth -would be 660 feet, and the length 34 miles. ' Be regarded ttasonflntiouigaBan in~ vestment, and thought, it itaoold be treated, aa. a national work. . Sayid Abdul Al»d, Ameer eiSokfcara, who is nuw. on a visit to St. Eetersborg, hat offered, to oede.kis ooautry to Eumi». tor an annnaL payment of £6,000,000. The trial of Kear-Atlmiral Fairfax by, oonrt roulial bas cost tbe AdminUty .deputaeot £7,000. The froten meat importers- advise that tb« fraering eompsnies should allow alL.sniaial heat to- escape prior to freesing, becwue in many of the ansrten but raoeiyed tbe metfc. was putrid in the thickest part. Kens hw-bMo rewind of a terrible railway ? disaster, in the United. States, An expos*. train same Into ooUuion at Alton, Ulinuis, with a goods train, in wtoinb wfirfi.«.niuaber of ?lit Unu. The goods trtin wiuht fins and also the oil in the unks, the whole quantity, 30,000. gallom, eipbdrng with tenilo fome. MUIVVBVU [IBItWUV ITWS UUIHUU «W. M»WI- *UU 70 others ware serionsly injured. . Junes VraneisKgan, who has been tenug, a aeotenoe for the committal vl a dynamite autnge it Birmingham, hat teen tekawd. Toe Oermao Government *re senduig ont two eruisera whioh ace to remtin in AastnilUn, wateis. ' ' Mr. Mmui b« written a letter to the Tint*. in whiohbe asks the Imperial Government to grant- separation for the central district si. QaMnslaod. ..... , Tin princhial newepapers ia Rnana are nrging the Btaaslao Guveniraeiit'tademaad an explinatilon from Gnat Britain regarding her. . Ttte Berlin. (Pspera Mpart- that Baiaia,ia mawing troops on tbe frontier of Poland, and iahutening the completion it strategia nil way«, barruks, and wtreoohed. camps in that pvtafBauM'steniloryv ' ' Iho British troops at Gibraltar and Malta bave been ordered to Egypt. The Bank, of England has dekyed the plaeing of the Queanslind 81 per oent loan of £1,200,000 owing to their having ignored their own broker, who insisted upon having the proaoeotw of the loan in order to describe bi» commission* A report is entrant that among tbe bills to. wbiob referenct will be made in the Qoeen'a Speech of Parliament on the Slst will be in. eluded the following : Payment of Member*. Bill, Looal Option Bill. « bill to aatborise the establishment of Ptrub Connoilt, nd bill* providing for the disestiblishraent of the? ohurohes of Scotland and Wales. Tbe desth is anuowwed of Ism, Allen, widow of tbe late Hon. George Allen, M L.C, and mother of the lite Sir George fVigna, Allen,* the igeotW years, fine amveo in Sydney with her tisrants (Bowdenj in 1B17, and mwriad ia 1828, She survived her bas. band 16 yean. . (lie memberi ol tke Assembly, on U* motion of I. D: Pittgetald on Taetdur sab mitted taemselvei to » voluntarily redaotioo, of B per cent. 00 their ptrlismantMy mmue. ration. . . A writ claiming £5,000 for libel ins ami on the proprietors of the Btning Xem by th* ?oluitonferMr. R.J. Pollard' of Brisb»ne. Mr, Pollard recently formed ?.junaile opsn compiny, which played ? season id-Brisbane, and the alltged libel is contained in » fan graph refleoting on the msnn-r in whiob the memberi of the oompuy wms 'Mated 0.00a theit return to their home., pending 1st. PoIlara^arrangeiaeatslorafaiimTHonr. . lord Jenny in resigned th* OoMrnonkip, of the oolony oiring to private bariness n- oniriB?bi..tteotioniiiEngUna. TbeJUrtof figlin is spoken of as his probable snocauor. ,'Sr3enrjr Parkea. hu ga$ another vot* ot censure motion read; for WtdneecUy bub, The Oppoeition want'to' mt into power, altboagb tbey ssy not; feat —rml Pnrteo tionbt Jjabonr men hold thebalanoesud with, othei* keep the Government in power. , Tuej don't believe in Bsid or Parkas, 