 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BY 'DAY. The Lands Allotment Company has termi nated its transaction?, owing to the saspension of the Liberator Building Eooiety. The liabi lities amonnt to £1,000,000. - Hie woather in Europe continues to be abnormally severe At Hamburg tbe bar bow is completely ieebosnd,' and there are 130 steamers and 100 sailing vessels unable to get out. ' Tbe university at Christiania, tbe capital of Norway, is sending out a toieattfic expedition t» the Southern Hemisphere. The expedition, which will be under th^ooramand of Heir Dahl. will visit Cape Colony, West Australia, and the Falkland iBltaidt^-a British colony in South America. # His Holiness the Pope bss created 14 addi tions! cardinals; Tbe Pope haa issned an allocation in whioh he expresses bis tbankfnl* ness that he has been spared to see bis jubilee, and deolarcs that the loug life which has been vouchsafed to him during' a calamitous time bas been symbolised by the Divine protection of the church. Information haB'taen received that a British steamer, while on her voyjsge to Baltimore, was caught in a storm sad foundered off tbe coast of Florida, C.S.A'. 'The crew bad been Joshed in the rigging for 20 hours before the lifeboat oottM reach them from the shore, and all save one were found ft* fen to death, One man, ssid to have beea the enpiueer, was rescued, bnt he went mad, owing to tbe terrible time wbioh be had experieuced, and committed suicide. ? ? ' J - Tbe Globe of 'Mnnday morning commenting upon the retrenchment proposals of the New Sonth Wales Government, doubts whether Sir George Bibbs will have the oourage to carry them through, seeing that it-is altogether an* like his former attitude to the labour pa-ty. At a meeting of shareholders of the late Panama Canal Company, held on Saturday last, it was decided that £1,260,000 Bhoald be subscribed, with the object of reforming tbe company and resuming operations on tbe canal. The St Jamte Gazette states that the betro thal of the Duke of Vork ^Prince George of Wales) and Priuoess May (Viotoria Mary of Teck) has been arranged and will be announced shortly. Abbas, Khedive of Egypt has disrniased his Prime Minister, Mnstapba rehmi Pasha, and bas reappointed Fehry Pasha in bis stead. The Eheaive has since dismissed tbe latter and reappointed his fonner minister. For a month past the. thermometer has stood below zero is the State of &issonri. There have been terrible' blisurds' in .the State of lows and numerous wrecks on .the west coast The trial of 100 members of the Mais Vita secret society, who are charged with the com* mittal of murderous outrages,; is sow proceed* ing at Tsranto, a town in Italy. The defen dants while inprisoo am placed in iron cages, fiir Bobert Hamilton states that he did pot assist te draft tbe Irish Home Rnle Bill. Professor Bryoe, M.P. for the southern division of Aberdeen, drafted the bill. The Pall Mall 'Gazette believes there is not the slightest chance of the failare of federation in Australia, its accomplishment being merely a question of time aud term*. The membora ef tbe Imperial Federation League generally approve of', the. federation proposals of Mr. &, Barton, the New Sonth South Wales Attorney-Gcnora!, and nrge that tbe passing of them by Parliament should be expedited. The Socialists of Paris bsve issued a mani festo, in which it is deolared that the people must overthrew a system by which a handful of criminals are permitted to govern France. Information h^s been reocived that tbe families of 515 persons who were drowned by tbe wrcck of the steamer Utopia, in March, 1891, are suing tho Anchor Steamship Com pany for compensation. News of a terrible outbreak of smallpox has beeu received from China. At Shanghai, one of the treaty ports, and the on y port in China to whioh steamers from Europe, Japan, and Australia run regularly, aod - which has a population of 389.000, tbe disease is wide spread. The Emperor of China has been attacked by tbo dis ass, but is ''now reported to be recovering. The heir apparent is now iU from the compiaint. The 1 Veimer Tageblalt, a German newspaper states that Hussia and France have agreed, ia the event of war, to cach mobilise COO, COO troops within a period of six Weeks. A sensation has been created at Cetioge. the capital of the Principality of Montenegro^ by the disoovery of a plot to depose and Kidnap tbe reigning Prince Nicholas {cr Nikita.) The C'i was promptly suppressed by' the prince's y guard, 88 persons who were implicated being silled. The Daily Chronicle, io. reviewing Mr. Hogan's 'Life of Lord Sherbrooku' (Mr. H. Lowe), says it is a graphic portrait of the life of tbe deceased, and that tbo boo): lifts tho veil from the career of a man -wbo was a oentrai figure at the great meetiug held at Circular Quay in 1840 to protest, against tho deportation of English prisoners to Australia. The severity of the winter in Ohio, U.S.A., whioh haa caused Lake Erie to become ioe* bound, is causing great distress at Sandiosfcy, tho port of entry, interfering as it-does with the transport of supplies. A movement Ss on foot to free .the lake by a series of dynamite explosions. It is reported iu Vienna tbat the Grand. Puke Nicholas, heir apparent to jbhe throne of Bussia, is to be married to Princess Alice, youngest daughter of the reiguirigK-rand Duke of Hesse, and granddaughter of Quden Victoria. Mr. A. J. Woodella, the President of the Board of Trade, declines to create a labour bureau in London, ' ? Pope Len XIII., has addressed an enoyelioal lett- r to the biabopa of Prance, in which his Holiness appoals to tbom to accept the existing form of Government, and stop, the present downward course. During 1892 the N.S. Wales Forestry De- pertinent planted 27.000 young;. trees upon various reserves' and plantations, and distri buted 130,000 trees to schools, and publio bodies. ' At the Bedfern Polioe Court ou Saturday thore were 130 applications from Assyrians for hawbeis' lioeuses. Mr. Giles, S.M., who de clined to grant any of the licenses,, said that theso people were objectionable oh account of of their proclivities for insulting women and thievicg. They were brought faere iy bosbes, received minimum wages, aud , were' virtually slaves. Their advent into the .country was also objeotionable, cousiiWing the bo many of onr own people were out of tmtolpymeut, Jean Luie, who figorrd aa: afT--important witness in: the famous ,'ficriborne case, wae on Saturday committed for trial, on a; charge of embezzlement. ' . V ' ' ! ' ?' ' ,1.A fossil, natt' to be tbat-'tfcf -Ji Wmznotb animal oHirehifltorio times, has been fouod by Mr. J. Krusbman, ' near the Parrangobiiiy oaves! Krubhman secured tiOOlbff. weight of specimens, including hatf'-(-f at'ne/jfoot'of an animal, whicb he says ia ' tbres^ times laigcr than -u elephauV'i; iloot. ?. - ^ . ' ; y 'V ?' 'm At about 0.^1aac^Frid*y:ijfgbt,'cU^ was ?wept l»y a gale varyipg io fproe from 40 to 50 milesanhour. Along the high landa On -the northern shore tbe'gile'b&s dooh; a-good. deal, of dan ago to property, «nd Vy^iat! fell. At Mossioau's Bay/Kehtnl.Bay)1hnd^tr Leonards - th« ; su-rm was e*oeptioD«ily ? Ji^Cvy,:'':The . colonial warvessej Wofrereife jwaacirrieiifrom her* moorings,' aud'taVetOaV- jz-towspepd to wards the rocks at Bradley's IJeatf. One of,: herapare anchors, being -)et down, however, mausged to hold uulU the ariWaVoT the water ' police launch, TJio Wolfer-one bad tnen only on board at tbe time. 