 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. SUSPENSION OF TBE A.J.S. BANK. At a late hour on Thursday night Mr. F. Adams, general manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, forwarded the following communication to the Sydney papen : — 11 1 am sorry to have to intimate that tbe 44 Australian Joint Stook Bank has been 44 obliged to close ita doon. Sinoe Tuesday 44 lost the exceaaive^withdrawals have so re (4'duced the coin that thiB step has become 44 necessary for the protection of all parties *4 eoocerned. The bank doors will be open 44 to-morrow to enable customer* to open 44 trust accounts/' A portion of tho Clan-na-Gael joinfl| the Irish National Federation. Workmen ^organising a fresh strike at Homestead (Carnegie's works) U.S.A. A Russian squadrou is to take part in the naval display at the Ohioago exhibition. A resolution in- favour of declaring the iiumediato'indepondenco of Canada baa been carried at ft, meeting of Frcnch ^Canadians ill Quebec. . At the Beliring Sea Commission, Sir Charles Russelb^said^ that it was^uBeless for America to try to attempt to bounce the Commission. lueurgeuts'iin*tho^ Brazilian province .of Itio uranau uo but nave rourea tne govern ment forces, 000 of whom were killed. Tho 4 Colonge Gazette ' urges the German Government to annex Samoa. 2JMr. Alexander Wobb, formerly U.S.A. Consul in Egypt, is now preaching the Moslem creed in New . York. ( The Czar is said to have discovered, in hls-i his album the portrait and signature? of * recently executed Nihilist. . Koch is said to have discovered 'a new cure fur tuberculosis. The Colombian Government wants^another* Panama racket. Will allow ten£yean for completion. Mr. Balfour, in Dublin, said that the*son flict against Home Rule will have afbappy and successful issue. Mr. Cederkrantz, of Samoa, ^severely criticises the white population oQthe islands as deserters, adventure**, etc. The Irish members are said to bo ©p ] rased to Mr. Gladstone's idea of a contri bution ou the Irish revenue in case of war— It is reported that Mrs. Maybriok. attempted to commit suicide in prison, A notice in bankruptcy has beeu served' upon Mr. Davitt, M.P., in connection with the coats of tbe North Meath election peti tion, upon which he was unseated. The debate on the motion for the socend reading of the Home Rule Bill, upou whioh Sir Miohael Hicks-Bcach had moved an ainondineut— 1 14 That the bill be read a Be* cond time this day aix months,' was con tinued in the House of Commons on Mon- dav night The principal feature of the debate was a brilliant speoch by Mr. Gos— chen, late Chancellor of Exchequer, who at tacked the financial proposals of the bill, and contended that Ireland would be unable to balance its Budget. It is believed the se cond reading of the Home Rule Bill will be carried on a strictly party division, but it is expected that when the bill iB in committee ? there will be some defections among the Radical section of the Gladstonian party over tho question of the retention of the-* Irish members in thin Imperial Parliament. Further information concerning the earthquake in Zttube, one of the Ionian Is lands, states that the city of Zante, the capi~ tal, bas been entirely destroyed.. The samples of Victorian butter brought, to England in the Ouxo under the supers vision of Mr. D. Wilson, and which were examined a fortuight ago by all the London exports and pruuounced to be indistinguisn— able from tho beBt freshly-made article, have been re-examined by experts in the presence of Sir Andrew Clarke, the Acting - Agent-Geueral. The result was that the opinion expressed on tbe first Inspection was confirmed. Mr. Wilson and the produce importers in London advise the appoint ment jointly by the colonial authorities aud the importers of inspectors to examiuo ail colonial produce on arrival here. The Dowager Duchess of .Sutherland has been sentenced to six wooks' imprisonment, for contempt of court in destroying a letter among hor lato husband's papers in doliaiice of an order of tho court. The Chromclo threatens the Government with the succession of the Radical members unless the question of death duties is dealt with in the forthcoming Budget. Addressing a gathering of the Primrose League, the Marquis of Salisbury declared-' -that if the House of Lords rejected tbe Home Rule Bill it would be idle to send it back to them until an appeal had been made to the country. In the course of his . speech he ridiculed the 41 extraordinary hotchpotch' which the bill would make uf the House of Commons, . The British Treasury authorities have - been asked to appoint two officers to discuss with the Agents-General a scheme fur the coinage of silver aud bronte at the oolonlal mints. Sir John Pender, speaking at a mertfng of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Com pany, aaid the scheme for -laying a cable across the Pacific, via New. Caledonia waa not likely to be successful, as it would re* quire a subsidy of £100,000. A drought is uow prevailing in Engine^ scarcely any rain having fallcu for the past six weeks. Disastrous fires have occurred in a num ber of Hungarian villages owing to the long^ontinueadrought,and many hundredg :of houses have been destroyed. Great preparations are being made in England for a national Church demons stration against the Welsh Church Suspen sory BQ1 lately introduced by the.Govero ment A deputation from the Durham miners *? waitod upon Mr. Gladstone to , protest against any legislative restriction . of 'the ^ houre of labour. The premier gave a ' sympathetic rop]y,J Bsbf Ctranto Ikdustev. — An important industry is betug established at Petftlsnd under the inanageiuent.of Mr. J. R. Chis- . holm, who has (says the Townsville'VJBuHe- ' tin') set out with the idea of preserving * tnoat for foreign markets. ' Idr. ^hisholm proposes to ssltandpureaUtthoprirhepieees - After the Amorican- fashion,. and to-'jjmke ... beof hams and rolls of spiced beef, such ..as . are most popular in that country. He has gone to considerable expanse iu the erection ' .of yards and buildings, and tlie purchase of * necessary plant ; but au objection lias been hrfigud against the granting of n licAuse 'for lh-i'worki=. ??...? 