 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BY PAY. It ia reported that tbe Loyal Orange In* ?titntioQ in Australia is snppiyUg foods for the men of Ulster, to assist them in their' opposition to the Irish Home Bale Bill. Lord Rosebery, who presided at the banquet given by the BoyslTToloaial Institute expressed his opinion that a conference of imperial ftates* men would eventually solve the problem of federation, hot owing to the depression |»- valent in the colonies the pre»ept woald Ht be a piopiHoas time for holding that con ference. aad it would not do to nsk a : possi bility of failure. Lord Knvtsford referred ^ to tbe Queensland separation question, expressing his desire that a bill providing lor the aepara- , tion of Northern from Bontham, Queensland should be passed. A motion ia to be introduced an tbe Hoase of Commons in order thst the subject of an imperisl penny post may be discussed, The Etnperor William, speaking at a baoqnet at Brandenborg, one of the Prussian province* said his belief wss noshaken that he had been intrusted with a mission from God, and that he was confident he wonld be able to satisfy . all. The natives of Nyassaland, in Africa, are driving the whits coffee planters into Porta goes* territory. The German Beiohstag has voted £126^000 to be spent on the suppression of tbe slave trade in Africa. Attention has been drawn in the Hoase of Commons to the (set that a secret society con trolled tbe coanty of Clare, the result being that life wss iu secure, and that juroi* wonld not convict perpetrators of agrarian outrages. It was stated that Mr. Jnstaos O'Brien had alleged tbat lawlessness in the coanty of Clare was nnexsmpled. lhe Belfast correspondent of the -Loodun Times reports thst tbe men of Ulster are rapidly enrol ing themselves, and regards the proposed retention of tbe Irish members io the House of Commons as grotesque in the ex treme, and boldly ssserts thst by military aid ouly can Ulster be compelled to accept home rule. Mr. Beni&miu Tillett, late general secretary of tbe Dock, Wharf, Riverside, and General Labourers* Union, declares that he has no confidence in Mr. Gladatone'a promises^ and tbat tbe labour party are determined to insist upon their claims being considered. Mr. G rover Cleveland, President-debt o the United States has assumed otfios. He in timsted that the new Government intended to reform the tarif^ and condemned tbe granting of pensions, on the grounds of expense and the dependence upon a paternal Government whioh it fostered. Frenoh Radicals in the Chamber of Deputies have made a demsnd to cho effect tbat the President of the Repablio should be elected by universsl suffrage instead of, as at present, by a majority of votes of the Seuate and Chamber of Deputies united in a National Assembly. Mr. J. F. Hogsn, (of Me bonrne) the newly elected member for Mid-Tipperary, has giveu notice of motion io tbe House of Commons,— 41 Tbat tbe iuflux of esospsd convicts, based on Sir George Dibbe's telegram dated Jsnnary 31, raises the question of the advisshltesss of1 Great Britain annexing New Caledodva.' News of the outbreak of a terrible epidemic' has been received from Berlin. BJ*ck*por has made its appearance in Esstern Prussia, and' already' 100 deaths trom the disesss are re* ported. The authorities have ordered aH the schools, public aud private, to be closed* An exciting scene ooonrred in tbe lobby ofi the House of Commons. Colonel B J.' Ssan demon, M.P, for the norvhern division , -*S Armsgh, socused the members of tbe Irish Nationn! Lesgne of having instigated murder. Mr. William Redmond, M.P. for tbe nstern division of Clsre, who heard the ststemsnty. rnshed forward with the object ol attacking. Colonel Saunderson, bat several memhera in terposed and no harm was done. A terrible storm has been experience'! in the Transvaal Republic, South Africa, thedamageB beins estimated at £100,600. The mines were flooded at Delo, aud Uie farms and houses near Johannesberg were demolished. Many persona were drowned, A great landslip has occurred at Sandgate, on the soath coast of Kent, England, by which 400 bouses have been wreoked. The ses-bed was opheavedt and the people, imaginiog it was an earthquake, fled for their lives, in many cases withontclothing. The cause of this disaster is believed to^e tbe^ use of dynsmite in blowing up the wreck or tbe ship Ben venue, whioh was driven ashore at - Sandgate during the heavy gales which pre vailed in the early part of November, 1891, In reply to the Mel bonrne Roman Catholic: cable of congratulation to the Pope, on the occasion el bis jubilee, tbe following reply by cable baa been reoeived : ' The Holy Father hss reoeived the homage and filial devotion of' tbe Catholics of Melbourne, and blesses them from his heart.' A public subscription list has besa opened - for the relief of Batterers by the floods iu the Clarence River. The loss to the district ia estimated at £2(10, 0U0 in produce alone. Chief Justice Ditfley was sworn in as acting. Governor shortly after Lord Jersey's de parture. A motion was recently adopted, on the suggestion of Fitigerald (labour) in the Assembly sgreeing to a 5 per cent, reduction 00 members remuneration, Mr. G. H. Reid (lesder of the Opposition) hss seut a letter to the Premier stating that be oonsiders it grossly absurd. General satisfaction is expressed in military circles at the appointment of Colonel Button as oommsndsnt of tbe New Sooth Wales forces. Five persons bave been poisoned with eating tinned meats at a picnic near Newcastle, ana are in a precarious p sition. Over £8.000 has been subscribed here to* wards the relief of tbe sufferers through the Iste disastrous floods in Queensland. The trial of M'. and Mrs. Makin for alleged child murder wss oommenced at the jCrim nsl Conrt Mrs. Makiu, who appeared to be in great distress, k*j-t her face oovered with her handkerchief* Her buaband showed no un easiness, aud cbslknged a dosed fnmia The jury brought in a verdict, of V Guilty,' and sentence was deferred. From Coraki it is reported that aaumber ol farmers who wers rained hy tbe late fioodaare seeking work on the roads, and thst others - have gone to the gold diggings on the bsaoh at Evans Biver. The seonod trial of tbe Panama Chnal directors and others eooeerned on charges of bribery baa been oommenced. A great meeting of liberal Unionist and Conservative members wss held at the Carlton Club, when it was decided to support the amendment to be moved bf Sir Michael flicks Beaob, — 4* Thst tbe Home Rule Bill be read a. second time *U months heooe.* 