 THE BANKS. A QUARTER OF A MILLION v LANDED TO-DAY. £200,000 to Follow- For the Commercial Banking Com pany of Sydney— The London Chartered, About tho most valuable lorry-load that over passed through the streets of Sydney was landed from . the R.M.S. Britannia to-day and taken to the head office of the Commercial Banking Co. of Sydney. It consisted of £250,000 in sovereigns packed in small boxes, and the lorry on which it was carried was escorted by a body of police. The sight of the escort excited a good deal of curiosity, and there was not a little speculation ut first as to what was tho meaning of the display, but it soon transpired what was the reason therefor. The same hank has an additional shipment of £209,000 in sovereigns coming forward by the R. M.S. Ophir, which is due next wcok. A large meeting of depositors in the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney was hold at Brisbane to-day, when the original scheme of reconstruction was carried enthusiastically and without a single dissentient voice. The London meeting of depositors in the same bank is being held to-day, and a cable message giving the result of it will probably reach here to morrow. The reconstruction scheme of the London Chartered Bank of Australia was tole- graphed from London to the head office of the bank in Australia at Melbourne last Saturday night, and Mr. Smeliie, the manager of the local branch, hopes to havo copies of the scheme to-morrow for .dis tribution. Tho Commercial Banking Co. of Sydney will in all likelihood recommence business on Monday next under the now conditions, and the A.J S. Bank probably on the 15th. Gonerally speaking there has been a com plete revival of confidence in bauking circles, as well as in financial and commercial quar ters, and the future is looked forward to with theutmost hope aud confidence. The man ner in which the whole trouble has been faced by the people of the colony generally, and especially by business people in and around tho city of Sydnoy, is the theme of un stinted praise among tnen who, suffer ing themselves, wore in a position to view calmly the effect of the scare upon others. Conversation among men of wide experience of affairs, financially and otherwise, leads to the conviction that in but few places would the community have taken so calmly what at one time threatened to be a much more serious calamity than it has since proved to be. A meeting of depositors and shareholders in the London Chartered Bank of Australia has been called for Wednesday, June 21, at the Centenary Hall, York-street, to consider the proposed scheme of reconstruction, which will be submitted to those interested in a day or two. The following appeared in our late editions of yesterday. 