 Among pur Neighbors FIRE IN SYDNEY. — — .» i Brigades to the Rescue. The Collision in Harbor. Captain in Trouble. - ,v for London. A FURTHER SHIPMEHT/ The Intercolonial Match. iSsrv„; '. — — ' " Yesterday's Play. i>r, . v — A Shot at Sheedy. He Would Hot Stop. EXECUTION OF AN ABORIGI NAL. -He Killed a Chinaman, Shooting a Sailor. . v Drunken Row on Board. ,/: By Electric Telegraph. j ,":.6 :-::i ' Sydney, This Day. v.>-"A.fire,occurred on the fourth storey y < of Messrs Drysdalo's store, in Yorfc- street; yesterday morning. The bri gade extinguished the flivues before serious damage had beenjihe. The - contents were issued for £45)000, and : the promises for £10,000. Tlie Marine Board has delivered its decision on the fatal accident result ing from the Princess and Awhiha -. collision in Sydney Harbor. They found Captain Peterson, of the Awhina, in fault, and called upon him to show cause why his certificate : should not be cancelled or suspended. The board added that it would be glad to be able to state that there was no reasonable ground for believing the master and crew of the Awhina did not render prompt assistance to save the lives of the drowning passengers. The will of the late Mr John M'Gaw, of Kooba Station, near Darlington - Point, on the Murrumbidgee River, haB .been proved tor £82,550, all ot : which is bequeathed to the wife. The will , of Mrs Talbot, widow, of Talbot's wool store, Sydney, has been proved for -£30,305. The deceased lady left a large number of legacies to the city and charitable institutions. The steamer Gulf of Bothnia . left yesterday with 120 selected live cattle for London. The weather, and a long detention of the vessel at Singleton, did not improve the animals' condi tion. With three wickets down for 159 the New South Wales team resumed batting yesterday, in the intercolonial cricket match Victoria v New South Wales. Donnan, who . had. made 30 not out the previous day, carried his score to 40. Noble was caught for 5 and Callaway joined Gregory. These fwp carried tfie total to 242 for five prickets when it was decided to draw Stumps; rain Jiaving set jn. Gregory 7' waaonpt out with 52 and Callaway not -pgwith 18. fPWrt -n/ili/ti of T?nrViAQ AndAfl.vnrfld to rrp8ta named Sheedy for for gery, Sheedy was on Lersebacji at the time eefi made off after he had jumped a spiked gate- 5ft high. He dashed into the bush and was followed by two mounted police, one of whom fired and shot Sheedy in the arm. The latter then surrendered. tragedy js reported from Cootar jnqudra yesterday. The body qf a niati jvas foppd in the reservoir with his foeac). tip4 in $ ad' the jjplvn across the breast. There were several cuts across the hands, and the fact that it was a deliberate case of murder was emphasized by the fact that the body bad been sunk by means of heavy sinkers. The face was un- recognizable, and but little hope is entertained that the identity of the murdered man will be proved, .as the body has been so long in the water. A murder by larrikins appears to have been'' committed on Sunday night "at Hillgrove, a suburb of Sydney. Some ILiiiia mAll commenced to rob the 1 Chinaman.' s gardens, and 'the owners resisted, aq4 ensued. One phjRamau wjfs killed, and several ptjers ' periquly injured. even rfesfs of their assailants jiave pnBned. Adelaide, This pay. An - aboriginal was executed at Pqrt Darwin yqstefdqy for the rnqrtfer o q : Ddbaet, This Day. ' An informal meeting of the Premiers of New South Wales, Vic toria, Queensland and Tasmania was held yesterday and lasted two hoars. The Premiers discussed the questions of a colonial customs union, silver coinage, the amalgamation of colonial defences, a Japanese commercial Irdify- nnd ,f uniform shipping 1 laws. TKe 4 Cotif drettce will be .opened to- day and the Federal Council will meet to-morrow. mi _ ninnlal TronHiirer of New Zealand expects a gross' surplus at the en4 of tfie preppnt napcial yeaf of - £35Q,0QQ, During a drupken row on board the Germap barque Fran?, at Timaru, thp secpnd pate, ?redprick Sphieppr, prpd fyyo shota at a seaman, TbPIhPS0hs = kUliflg blip on the spot. S.chiener has arrested. r 