 feAMWMMM— — a p— a— — Among Our Neighbors ROASTED ALIVE. .... The Result of Carelessness. Sydney Superannuation Fund. . + In a Nice Condition — LONDON WOOL SALES. + Cheering Advices. + A Fight For Life. » THE TRAIN AND THE MAN. Meet on the Bridge. England v Victoria. The Return Match. By Electric Telegraph. Sydney, This . Day. The unionist coalminers at New castle are making every effort to induce the non-unionists to join in the re organisation of the Miners' Associa tion, but thus far they have labored without success. A fearful catastrophe, the result of parental negligence, occurred last night. Two children, Emma and Emily Hoare, aged 5 years and 18 months respectively, were locked up in a house while the parents went out. In their absence the curtains on the bed were ignited by a candle left standing by the side of the bed. The house, too, caught fire, and the chil dren, being unable to escape, were burned to death. Mr Coghlan, the Government Statistician, has prepared a report on the state of the Public Service Super annuation Eund. It shows that the deficiency is nearly £3,000,000, and it is increasing at the rate of £120,000 nop onnn m A private cablegram received states that the London wool market is higher -and firmer, "with a strong demand, as compared with the February closing sales. Prices are 10 per cent higher, and nearly everything offered to date has been sold. Melbourne, This Day. An old swagman, supposed to be Charles Namon, had a sensational ex perience on the Wangaratta Railway Bridge this week. A train was ap proaching as the man was crossing. Seeing his peril he dropped his swag and ran for- his life along the line. The train slowed down as much as the driver could possibly manage, hut still ju ovui'LuuR. mm rapiuij. jengin the affrighted man threw himself over the side of the bridge sfnd hung down, holding on to the rafters by both hands ; but the train caught him and badly fractured his skull. He iB not expected to live. Still another railway accident is reported. A middle-aged woman, Jane Gracie, was run over by a train at Plemington on "Wednesday night. She died soon after her admission to the Melbourne Hospital. At a meeting of the creditors of Messrs Lawrence and Adams, mer chants, of Melbourne, an offer of a composition of 6s 6d in the £ was declined, owing to complications with regard to the estate of Mr John Adams, deceased. A resolution was adopted that the estate be sequestrated at once. The liabilities of the estate are £52,674, and the assets £87,920. The return match between the Eng lish Eleven and Victoria was commenced on the Melbourne Cricket Ground yesterday. It will be remembered the match was set down as against the Melbourne Cricket Club, but they agreed to give it to the Victorian Cricket Association in aid of the association's funds, only stipu lating that there should be no play on Saturday, as on that day a complimentary race meeting to Lord Hopetoun is to be given by the V.R.C. The offer was accepted with the dates as Thursday, Friday and Monday. The attendance yesterday was far below expectations, though the weather was fine. Stoddart and Hum phreys stood out of the English team. England batted first, but were all dismissed for 131, of which M'Laren made 43, Brockwell 25, Richardson 20, Phillipson '10, Lockwood 9, Gay 8 not out, Brown 4, Peel and Briggs 3 each and Ward and Ford 1 each, 4 sundries making the total. H. Trott secured eight of the wickets. Victoria then batted and made a good stand. When play ceased for the day five wickets had fallen for 160, the scores being A. E. Trott 46, Bruce 42, Laver 25, C. M'Leod 18 not out, H. Trott 12, Stuckev 5, Peryman 5 not out, and sundries 7. Adelaide, This Day. Several shipments of fat cattle to West Australia have been made, and tiie demand appears to be increasing. Mobs of 250 Queensland bullocks have been brought overland to Adelaide, and have been successfully shipped to Fremantle. 