 ' In the Day op Adteesity. A Bomancp,' by John Bloundelle- Burton. London : Methuen and Co. Sydney : Augus and Kobertson. In this book we have another instance of the fame which has attended Stanley Weyman's weaving of French mediaeval history into his fiction. Perhaps mediaeval would be hardly the word in this case, since the period selected for ' In the Day of Ad versity' is the latter half of Louis XIV.'s reign. In other respects, however, Mr. Bloundelle Burton has realized the almost perfect ' nndor stucly ot Weyman. JHis lien, ueorges bt. Georges, is unsurrounded by the conventional figures of fiction, and if he does not make French hi&torj', he is at least environed by history-making at almost every step. At the outset of the story he is selected, because as the rightful heir to a position and estate in the haut noblesse he is in the way of somebody else, to carry out a difficult State mission, the real motive for which is his own and his child's annihilation. The incident is rapid and full of the colour of old times, and after being taken through almost impossible dangers the reader is at last rewarded with a JinaU such as he or she would choose. One of the most striking incidents is the famous sea-battle of La Hogue. There is but one thing to which in such a brilliant book we would take exception — that is, that the author, in dealing with the Huguenot period, adopts to too great an extent the attitude of Eugene Sue towards the Catholic Church. In dealing with persons and in stitutions there is the least lack of discrimination. But the blot — the only one, to our mind — is not a very black one on the whole, and is not of the nature of an insidious weaving of bigotry into a really slashing story. A popular edition of Miss Hoddart's ' Life of John Stuart Blackie' is appearing at once. The new Soudan campaign has very favourably affected the sale of Rudyard Kipling's ' The Light that Failed.' 'The Story of Sir Walter Scott's First Love' is the name of a book which Messrs. Macniven and Wallace, of Edinburgh, announce for publication. Ward and Lock will publish at once the first volume of the 'Nineteenth Century Classics,' which Mr. Clement Shorter is editing. It is Carlyle's ' Sartor Resartus,' and it has an introduction by Professor Dowden. Ethel Turner's next book, 'The Little Duchess and other Stories,' will arrive during the current ,moiith. Her new story, 'The Little Larrikin,' will be ready later. Danish translations of the ' Seven Little Australians' and ' The Family at Misrule' have recently been published. The latest American mail brings us from Ben ziger Brothers (New York, &c.) ' Sermons on the Blessed Virgin Mary,' by the Very Rev. D. I. M'Dermott, Rector of St. Mary's Church, Philadel phia, Pa. The volume, which bears the imprimatur of the Archbishop of Philadelphia, will prove an admirable devotional work to Catholics either in the world or in the cloister. Messrs. W. Howard Smith and Sons send us a very handy and interesting guide for voyagers to West Australia. It is entitled ' The Goldfields of Western Australia,' and as it is published gratis the intending Argonaut .may .easily equip himself with a knoAvledge of the land he is about to steer for. The contents include information on how to get there, what it costs, wages, climate, customs, tariff, &c. The June number of The Austkat, Light is as usual well up to the mark in monthly magazine literature. Miss Bessie Ahstice Baker (a young South Australian) contributes a thoughtful article entitled 'A Few Facts bearing on the Education Question.' Having in view from the outset the postulate that ' on the future of the schools depends the future of the people of Australia,' the writer defines true education as that coming within the three H's — head, hand, and heart — and pursues to some effect the question whether, in spite of the State's undue interference with the rights of tax payers, the result in Australia has been what it should be. The Rev. M. Watson, S. J., tells, not for the first time, but in his own charming style, 'The Story of Burke and Wills.' ' Boer and Briton' is continued by J. W. Wallace ; and that ever-green subject, 'The Eureka Stockade Flag,' forms a very agreeable continuation to W. B. Withers's Ballarat reminiscences, ' The Grabbing of the Crooked Farm' (a story by P.. G. Smith), and literary re yie-y patter irmkes up an excellent munbey, The Australian Vigneron and Fruit- Growers' Journal (Sydney) for June contains an exhaustive discussion of the pros and cons of the use of salicylic acid as a wine preservative. The matter has been presented in a pamphlet which gives the European experience on the subject, and this experience goes to prove that the attempts to show up salicylic acid (one of our chief antiseptics) as deleterious or its application as increasing the bulk of wine for purposes of trade fraud as simply puerile. This article, as well as the whole journal, might be read with considerable profit by vignerons and fruit growers. ' Sydney and its City Railway' is a pamphlet which does not discredit the literature on this sub ject. The writer adopts the telling method of a dialogue between an American visitor and a resi dent, in which the whole question is threshed out in unstinted style. The cute American scouts the idea of the Commissioners' plan of extension towards the Circular Quay, and insists that the ' set' of business population indicates the Western side of Sydney as the proper route. The pamphlet is dedicated to ' George Houston Reid, Commander in-Charge of the Ship of State1' by ' Sydney Corn stalk,' one of the owners and a passenger on the ship. v 