 AERIAL ffAYIGATION. A SYDNEY INVENTOR. CLAIMS TO HAVE SOLVED THE PROBLEM. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR DAYS. The offer of a prize of £40,000 by the managers of the St.Louis Exhibition, to be held next year, for a steerage air-car, will no doubt stimulate inventors al over the world. Undoubted as was M. Santos Dumont's success a few months ago in going round the Effel Tower in Paris, it ia folfc f.hat lift linn nnf. f»rvnf,rihiit.Afl Trinoli to the solution of the real diffioulty. His lifting power is a balloon, but he himself regards this as only an expedient, for he says, 'I expect that a way will be found ol dispensing with the balloon, and on rely ing upon tho motors altogether before very long.' There is nothing new in ap plying balloons and kiteB to lifting other bodies — though suoli power is cumber some, inconvenient, and small. M. Du mont's knowledge was chiefly shown in his being able /to Bteer the car. What is wanted for successful aerial navigation is a combination of lifting and guiding. Mr. Charles Schwartz, of 116 King street, Newtown Sydney, claims to have invented an aerial car which fulfills both tlieso conditions. Somo months ago we gavo a description of his invention, and since then lie has mado somo improve ments on it, though tho essential principles remain the same. At first, Mr. SffliwnrM wo o mn oli lrei m nnmJ Vitt i»nn^ /if funds, but ho succeeded in securing the noeded financial assistanco, nnd the help of a Bkillcd engineer, and tho machine is in suoli an advanood state that lie hopes to he able to make a trial trip to tho course of a few weeks, and give a publio exhibition by tho end of three months. Mr. Sohwartz has deemed it desirable to increase the lifting power by the addi tion of a third wing, and to havo a 2} horse-power motor instead of a lialf-ho'rse. It will be controlled by ono man, and he estimates that, in addition, ho will be bo able to carry from tlireo to four hun dredweight. Tlio oar is built of alumin ium. cigar-shaped, 10ft. long by 2ft. wide, in the centre, enn be mndo to rise to any altitude, and is under complete control. Tl is believed that a speed of 80 miles an hour can bo obtained, and a journcv mado to Loudon — the distance to which, in a straight line, is given as 8,000 miles— within four days. Tf the coming oxperimcnt ? is successful, Mr. Schwartz intends building a muoli larger ear for competition at the St. T.ouis Exhibition. 