 THE DAY'S TRAGEDIES MURDER AND SUICIDE INj LONDON, I BRUTAL MURDER NEAR SYDNEY [By Cnlilc] LON POX. Mari-Ii 2.1. A 1 iekcl-nf-leave man named Cross- man occupying « flat in Kensal Ilise committed siii.-iili' in HIP street limier eireimistanees which biggest thal lim deed was prompted liv a desire io avoid arrest on a charge of murder. Vrom tlie :'n formiition Hint is available il seems lint another occupant of (lie lioil-e in which tro.-siiinn lived informed (lie police (lint hp suspected Crossman, owing to Ul" ev 1 smell 11tal, wa» coming from Iiis ipiarl'rs. of linving a corpse concealed in a trunk in his cupboard. 'Mic jiolic; ¡uri .eil on Hie seine while Crossman was bargaining willi a carman for Hie removal oí ft Ir'niik and Crossman boll ul. Thc officers gave chase, and, jiisl as Uley were on (he point of capturing him, lie drew a razor from bis pocket and cut his throat. Ile died immediately. When the trunk was opened it was found in contain thc body of a young woman embedded in a mass «if cement. The cenirnt had evidently bren ponied into Hie trunk in a i ii pi iii state. lt lind become solidified and stuck firmly, rendering thc frat tires unrecognisable. Thc body, how- ever, is suspected lo be Hint of a woman Who liad been passing as C'lOrsnun's wife. ll was greatly decomposed. Death must have occurred nt. least si\ weeks ag«.' Crossman, according lo thc reports ol' the police, served a term for bigamy. Ile is supposed to have married n.> fewer than five women and t-orrop.ii dence found in his pocket showed thal li« had bern attempting to entrap the dead ».?niau into matrimony. [By Telegraph.] SYDNEY, .March 23. Charles Smith, aged seventy years, tish hawker, who had resided in the Picton dis- trict fur over forty years, was found mur- dered j-estprd.lv. Constable Lucas, who is stationed nt I'iclon, sent n telegram shrilly after midnight lo the rana nm tia police station, giving information thal he had lound Smith's body on the Dnugla' Pork-road, eight ipiles from Picton. An examination of thc' body showed two gn-shes in .the back of the bend. A blood- stained ax« ivy alongside. The polie? took prompt net inn. A large fori* was turned out in n. very «hort time and scoured the vicinity with the object of intercepting a swagiimii who war observed yesterday afternoon making his way towards Appin, diming nu nocimnl of his veroni move- ment s, the police, assisted by a black t lacker, aro to-day spread round thc dist rici. Smith, who rcsidrd al Picton, was in the receipt of an old age pension, which lie added lo JO some ex- tent by hawking fish. A telegram from Campbelltown states 11ml the body was fourni about a milo from the railway sti lion in A cutting near Cummins Hill. Smith was. last seen alive smile time yes- terday morning. The murder is supposed to have been commit ted aboiu eleven o'clock : but the body was not d'.-covcred until five o'clock in>llie evening, lt. was lying face dov;.wind with thc skull knocked in and portion of the bruin pro- truding. The old mau appeared to have lund" a great struggle for life ns he had a stick clasped in his hand and there were bloodstains on il. Later. Constables Walsh. Coleman, and Love siTromided II luau in ,-i paddock at Myrtle tieck to night, 'lim nun made a deter- mined resistance. He alined II blow with a heavy «npliag nt Constable Coleman : but the iifl'.CM- averted it by stepping back. Ho then drew his revolver and shot (he man a lil Lie below thc groin. Constable Love .liss» tired ai. ¡ile supposed murderer and Uio shot look effect, in thc arin, lt waa not. however, until after, a great struggle i hal U.e mau wu* overpowered, 'flic mali, who is apparently an Assyrian arid a binn, forty years of nge, was taken to the Picton lockup. He was sniffling much pain from his wounds. Ile admitted having killed Smith. A shooting fatality occurred at. New- town (his morning. Several hoys assemb- led nt the house of one of the iminbar prior lo lejving for Manly ou a ramping excursion. Arthur Sturt, aged siMeon years was examining a revolver. lt exploded and the bullet putprcd the head of Keilli Woodward, who died ?bordy afterwards. UR1SBANE. March 2."». A girl informed Hie police nt South Kris bnne last night Hint she had been crimin- ally assaulted on the Loc.nii-rn.id. her as sitilant being nu American negro. The police arrested n man named George Wil- liam Hyatt. Thp prisoner was brought up at HIP South Hrishuiie Police Court lo-dny and remanded. 