 A SYDNEY LETTER.; EMPIRE DAY A. PUDLIC IIOLUNp.Y ONLY IN QUEENSLAND.-L-THE LONDON COUNTTI-CO CIL COMES TO TIHE Ih ELP OF 11I. WATSON. COMPARIISON IETI\VEEN - NEW CASTLE AND SYDNIEY.-G CNE hA\L BOOTH'S RECIEPTION !X SYDNEY Ox SATURDAY.-THIE EMPIItE LEAGUE SIIOULD 'IIAVE GONE IN FOR MORE PRINTERIS INK.--A SUGGESTED LIS:T OF ES SAYS FOR NEXT YEAR. SYDNEY, Monday. Trie talk of the town is Empire li'y -wlit is to be done, how it is to be done, and who is going to do it. Wit h many there is a hazy idea that, it is 1t be a public holiday, buL while it is quite possible thit this will be the case no definite information has been given by the authorities. It is n statutory hioliday in Canada, also in New Zealalnld, bilut the only State ill tih Conmmonwealth whlich itls boldly de cltaredl againi.t a continuance of bilsi ness on 24th May is Qoeenstnnd. hlcrc, so far is - is known to the contrary. the chief cele britlion will bie by the sehotols., a programnlle whlicih will also dis tiniguish South A\ustralia antd West Australia. IVhitle public holidtly for all mIight be veriy acceptable, it is jullst as well to remember that it is to the chlildren we msit look for tihe Empire's future supporlt. We can gtuarn.ltee our own loyiclLty, ialso perhaps Ihe loyalty of our grown-ulp childrlen- whlere we lhave tIlhemn--but it is altu gether r pirobleln the loyalty of our granldchilldren, oand still more ione the loiyulty of their chlildren. This bieing so, it stands to reasont that the peoople who require the most kno'ledge at tlhelir glorious notion:al inheritance are the young peopleotg teil in the schools, wtho \ihell their turn comnes must blei:fhe culstodians of the naltiontl:I honour., and thie trustees of Iall the tirutlis we are seclking to iniplant in their minds. The Empire League issuled on te .l'l 1 st of the month ni informatis-e little cir cular by thie hion. seeretary,; Jir. ltyman, lnd this apparently .disposes of tile holiday question so .fii'ias it affects New South iWdles. Tlihe citi Iar stetes:--Althlonlgh upon the: n slung ocensionl Queenslnd wnill he:tihe only State in' Atustralia with . a publls holiday, thile Celebr::tion Comlmittee earnestly hopes that. the .celebration inniy be worthy of thile importance ot thile States collprised in thle Commoln wealtlh; that upon thile 24th of May young and old will unite iu a pattiiolic display and a slympathetic manifestl tion of common loyalty to thle 1lmpiire of twhich Aulstralit is aun integral p:trf: that byjoining in II simnulttneous cele bration, British people ihere many Ibe led to fully realise lhat the "drlmra beat of Britain, wiich roills ceasel i sly routnd the world" is indeed ai reality: thlt "the erinson thicod of kinship" Sir HIenry Pairkes Oferred to. does really vibrate with feeling; and that there is more thll a bond of sentli ment in the phrase-"One Flag, Olne Throne, One People, One Destiny'!" The desire of some of the arine aimburbs of Sydney to keep down the dancing saloons and Mr. Watson's re f'erence to municipal-owaed ferries may be talken togeather. And whty? Simply thamt from :inti-socialiStic England we are just now in receilpt of particulirs of the great work which is being undlerlaken by the.-London Conuity Council to control tile whole of the ferry service on F:tther 'lThamnes. It was only in 1l00 that the council de cided to go in for this work, andl onl; in 1902 that it resolved to go in for it on the present scale. -It will interest all lwho consider thlot too much tais beell said by 3r. \VWatson in regord to greeater comnunlntlinl enterprise io -learti hat the. London County Couuniit harving decided to control the ferry service on the Thames is building thirly- boats, or was dioing so when present files left, London thie informui tioil being that all were to be reiad it uMay (the ipresent month). Eiachi of lthese boats is 134 feet ill length';, andm cuipable of doing 13 miiles ani hour, the fare being uniform, one pennly, and theIl vessels heing fitteld witlh eabinls, rcfreshment hiars, etc. For the Inst live monthls fifty men haive been en gageld buildilng the London Countil Council bnoats, ndt us Ihle worlking hours are eight ia day, this miealis tlhmit 1,386i,000 Ilours lhave ibeen spent oii their constrlluction. The cost of tlhe thirty boats is given as uE.25S,000, and tihe wnges to ruln theIllcm will be :£37,500 annually, and the coal bills and stores will cost £:3,400 mnore. The council estimate thalt the total cost of con ducting the service will be close on £.100,000 aL year, but they feel coni vinced tlhat Ithey cover I his easily with penlny fares for really long ilistances. When the Labour party slecak of mu nicipal ferries they are called social ists. Whlat is tile iunme to give tihe London County Council? . We note that the lMayor of New castle has been compparing that city with Sydney, but coimparisons alire al wvays odious, aild are quite unneces sary. Sydney is neither the cleaunest city in the world nor tile dirtiest; in other words, it might be better inil it might beovorse. Trlte trouble is there are so man~y people who think .! lierfect, though this feeliing is Inot nearly so noticeable noiw as it was in days -gone by. The writer can recall the tone of the press before tile lIa ,gue came here the first lime--"Tlmank goodness, Sydney cini compare with the finest cities in tihe world inl regainrdl to cleanliness." Andit then when the cleaning-uli wiork startedl the result of'thie subsequcent pinic, it was shown that tihe dirt was lying about in tolls anmid tons, aind the press wokle up to thie fact that the block in Gceorcge street does not constitute.-the whole of the city of Sydney. While it is quite ummuccessary for. the Maiy'or of New t.lstle to nlmakle collparisons, nfow that. he lats done so, it Imty be confessed Iluit Newsc:tstle must be cleaner thnn Sydney, beca:use it. is more slaeciout. ill its ctrowded I)alts, lnore sprend. as it were. The locks. \Vexford-street. Watcrloo, Lower \oolloomnooloo, the Chinese qitirters generally, and the byways of :ati otl sen port, with snelun a mlixed popnlntii ni at. the wilhtirves, calllloL hIave their counterpart in New ce.stlir, for valriolls reasontls-spnee and poputl:ttion the chief. llnt instead of ilt in g jcolparisons, hNe wasteI oughlt t.o keep tile exalpile of Sydney before it. and knowing what is pos sillc, tanke are tlhat no replica of the worst spots of the lItter shall ever be created within sight of Nobbys. General 'Ioot haIid a great reception on Saturdiay nigiht; but was it like tihe receptiton whiclh tltlunoulcild hIis arrival on these shores for the first time, some yenrs ago? T. is only jlst to stly thait ii, wasn't, the General being wel conmed ittore exclhsiecly tthnn wsts tlhe case before; that is to say. more by the Salhationists tlhan by the Salv: lionists aind others togecther. \Vihen Gteneral Iloothl ctame here tile first time he had a great plblici receptioni •tt the Towin Uill, with notable public inie all round him. ntd Sir Hllenry ]Ptrkes spokle of hint ais being a man whomt Carlyle wo iull havle delighted lhotollr. C(;encral looith is juslt rs inmcli deserving of lhonoltr now ais then. bit the fiact is. hlie comes to stimulante. where formerly he imerely camne to see. It, is a greatl sight to ob serve this \wi tilerflt olld m'iint, with a face like one of the pati:inaels, his speech uand energy qcuite titit of au other not half his yeacrs. lie can "storm.'" hie can dash hIis hltl doirn. alind slilnp with his foot, ats well ats the most imleituous 1 youlg reCivalist. living; liut this is just the vweakness -wlhere is there inother like hiim, whe everytlt.hingt so mulchi depends ont methods of "strenuosity?" Priobaibly tile greatest eInsson I. bie leariedl front tGeneral Ilooalh is sunnmmed up in his own words-"[ hItave been Ihelping nay fellow-mien, and seeking to better the conditions of hmanitynt for just sixty years. It is a ktnowledge of one's self, olne's 11ist, anld one's opll portunitles, thbit ipretty well ainy mtan of-over three: scorei:, nd fire, wouldt like'to. slhale wsithl the General, for It means seif-?saisftction, peace. of iind di:. iihippiness." : Tlle iauthorities responsible for Emi pir-le jity: don't go in heavily enouglh for" printer's ink. Probably tlmy will profit by thie lpresent state of -ifanirs, due toisparing it, and make next Em pire Daly withl vcngetnc.ce. lThe lea gue suggests thitt citizens should be .directed to a conteimplation of tihe great work donie by the leaIndcrs of the race on behalf of hlllman freedom,, bllut w'ouldn't it hitie been better to lhave provided the miaceriatl witlh whichl to inspire the reflections? When we had otr centenary (that of the foundati tion fo the colony), a numnber of great men were aisketd io contribute special papers oll slpecial subjects, with tilhe object of firipg thie peoplel. Thie writer relnmembers the occasion well, tnd lhow, althlough pretty well all tlie other contributors were University menl. Sir ciienry Pairkes led thie piro cessionl in tile wany of eloqiuence iand argnument. 'The people this time are laying stress on medals as a fitting souv-enir for first Empire Day,. but it thie league is alive to tile matter it will see thatt before tihe next anniver sitry comes artound the train is ltiil for literary appeals to tihe natioiitl spirit and pride of ra-e nud gratitude. \Whati is thLe E?lmpire--a mass of squiare miles, 100,000,000 people, many ralces, etc., etc., or a congregation of State;s. switging laround ia mother land sun? Yes, a veritable constellation to nmakio thle peopIle uinderstand tlheir freedom, tell tlhel of thie sacrifices of those iiiwho won it fol- thtem; to make tlheml reilcmber wlhlat thcy' owe to tlhe pioneers of sea anld land under the lag; recounC t the work the latter did inlstrong, plain, and inspiring. Etg lishl. Ill asking the race to renlem ber race, tell it whlat it owes to thie race, 'and how, since it has itherited so nllch, it is its bounden duty to pass it on unimpaired. In a word, get literary men to dip into the ink-pot, and depend a little more on thle print ing press to lift tile people up to ap preciate thile day. If the writer were the person in coimmand i e wild oiffer prjzes for essays on some saeh subjects as the following: Explain the British Constitution. and how it has influenced the political mind of the world. Take it fromn Mlagna Charta to to-day, and show how the mother of parliaments has pro'ved an example for mankind everywhere. Explain lhow British literature has cultivated the minds of the Anglo Saxoln peoples, how the Press has sown them with the seeds of informa tionl, andt how education, generally working with both, lhas developed British.thought. Explain .British religion-not any particular faith, but faith generally, as freshened with the free air of British methods. Also how it has lift ed the domestic-side of the race, and how it has been carried into other lands, dispelling ignorance and wick edness. Explain British Tustiee--the State -to the individual, the State to other States, the State to itself, and the in fluence it has had oil the worldl. Explain British Commnerce, with suggestions for improvement, et6., etc. Explain the Unity of the Race, and the advantage of keeping this intact for all time, with to crown it a grand Imperial Council. The result of calling for essays of, say, 5000 words on each, would he to bring in a considerable ninmber of ad mnirable papers, the i best of. which, one on each subject, might be bound up by the governments of' Australia in book form, and turned into a school book of the highest class. CIlRONO. Mrs. Ayrton, Wife of Professor Ayrton, who has tile distinction of being the only woman member of the Institution of Elec trical Engineers, locttoed the other night at Shettld onr. "Sand Ripples on the Sea Shore." Sand ripples, shl said, wore form od entirely under water by tile long, steady, see-saw meollon of the wlter. Tho whole of lhe snudy shore is all ripple marked when the tide is high, but the re treating tide wipes out the ripples except where a pool protects them till the sea has retired. The greatest depth at which ripple-markt seems to, have been found is 70fTL. 