 THE ALL-RED HOUTE. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 26 DAYS. Melbourne, october 30. _ On board the Union liner Maranui, wlncu arrived in the bay to-night, was Sir Janies Mills, the managing director of the Unioi. Steamship Company, who has been absent for some time in Great Britain uttcudinj the conference of steamship owners. Dur- ing his visit he has been making endeavois to have a faster steamship Eervice insti- tuted between England and Australia by way of Canada and New Zealand. Thcr. is every prospect, he says, of his efforts proving successful, and of the time for a through passage from London to Sydaey being reduced to 20 or 28 days. Sir Jame.* said the papers at home were full . of articles urging the necessity of a more expe- ditious service between Great Britain and Australia via Canada and New Zealand. He was not yet in a position to say much as to developments in that direction, but it was already known that a committee, appointed by the Imperial Government, was taking evidence in connection willi the "all-red" service. Nothing would be done until that committee's . report wa* »laced before the Imperial^ Government, That might not be for some time. _ v A syndicate of London financial men was preparing a scheme to lay before the imperial Government for a fast service by the "all-red" route, both for the con- venience of passengers and the more prompt delivery oí mailsin New Zeahnd and Aus- tralia. The service.'would carry passengers right through from London to Sydney in from 20 days to 28 days. The idea was to construct a railway across Ireland to Black Sod Bay, county Mayo, on the extreme north-west coast. A steam ferry capableT-oi carrying a railway train and its passengers bedily would then be run to Bhck Sod Biy from a point in Scotland, which it was not at present advisable for him to name. Pas- sengers from London could thereby belen ablcd to book right through to Black Sod Bay without transhipment. A fast service of up-to-date steamers would, be established from, there to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and from that place tourists and mails would travel across Canada by an improved and fast thain service to Vancouver. At Vancou- ver they would embark for New Zealand and Australia on new steamers of a largsr and faster type than those at present run- ning from there. The costliness of the ser- vice would essentially require payment of liberal subsidie«. Sir James said the Union Company were having four additional steamers built for the Pacific route. One of them, which would be of the same type as the Maranui, but about 1,000 tons larger-7,500 tons gross register-would he used in the present ser; vice. She would have a speed of not less than sixteen knots per hour, and would be launched about the end of October, 1908. If it was decided that tlic service should remain as at present another vessel of the same class would follow twelve months later. > 