 EMPIRE DAY CELE BRATIONS. PATRIOTIC GATHERINGS IN SYDNEY AND BRISBANE. [By Cable] UJS'IIUX, May 2.1. Mi. J. . lvoir Hardie, (lie Socialist moiii lier for Mieilhyr Tydvill, speaking at liris tul with reference to Empire Day, declared tliat the socialists might Uuvc to iutorfcic to prevent the children ill the si hools from Ising taught to wine lings and sing "a gluistly bit of a doggerel like the National Anthem." Up till the present the North London Rille (lub und the llalhiu-st Civilian Club me leading in the competition for the Lon don "Daily Mail's" Empile Cup. Each soured 702 out of a possible 840. Two teams of English schoolboys shot for tlie Menth trophy. One team, com isised of boys whose, average age was thir teen years and nino months, scored 8(12 points j the other, consisting of boys nine montila abhor on the average, made . A boy named YVormaJd, of the Swaji-slri-et School, 1 AmiLon, scored 118. Most of tlie. Prime Ministers throughout the empire sent home messages of con gratulation on Umpire Day. The Empire concert, which was held in the Albert llu.ll on Saturday night, was u ureat success. Madame Ada Urossley w as ihe chief vocalist. [lly Telegraph.] SYDNEY, May 25. Empire Duy was celebrated with1 much enthusiasm in the city and in tire coun try. At St. Andrews Cathedral the clioir rendered a musical programme in the pro nonce of the prominent commercial and linancinl men of the city. Sir Kuliard Poorc, Admiral Coiiiiiiaudiiii¿ the Austra lian Sipiadion, in addressing the gather jig, said there was only one Aug. und tliat dug was the Lilion .lack.. It was the .-ymbol of unity and the -symlw! «f a great inheritance handed down to them by their forefathers, which they should cherish and preserve for ever. To do this it was ucees salty to hold command of the seas. Tliey must have imperial organisi! I ion und im perial unity. Vice Admira! Sir Harry llanwii, Gover nor of New South Wales, was present at . demonstration in connection with the Woolliihra Superior Public School jn wiuch 12(10 el'JIdicii took JKU't. In addressing the scholars His Excellency said he &lt;«uld not agree with Cardinal Aloran tliut Em pire Day was only a day for children. Kef erring to Cardinal Logues recent utterances in America, be said he w us sure that to-day's demonstration throughout the British Empire proved their falseness. BHItfcANE, May 25. Today was generally ous;rvcd as a public hdiday. Hie weather was perfect mid was availed of by a large number of picnickers. Many wi the Sunday schools held picnics. At noon a tallite was tired from the gunboat l'alluna mid fiom the Gardens lattery. Four national societies?the Uova! So ciety of St. George, Uic Caledonian So ciety, the Irish Society, and the Australian Natives' Association?combined to-night to give u patriotic concert in the Exhibition Hall. There was a lai^e at tendance, including the Governor (Lord Chelmsford ) and Lady C'lielmsford. The Governor, who was received with loud cheering, said that those wiio came from the old country icinenibeivd how, in the dark day» of me South African war, Aus tralia came ami oUcred her help and how (¿ueensland was one of the first ol the Australian flatus to ofier tliat lielp. Aus tralia, of course, was young ainoiigsi the slates of the cuipiie, and it might not le able to show those adiiiinialniturs in the wider field of imperial statesmanship those deeds of heroism such as, through centuries, i>«illnnd and Ireland liad done; but the |ieoplc of the old country looked to Australians to show, us they luid shown by their dominance over the powers of nature mid their triumph* over drought and rinunciai disaster, that they could be relied on for Huit gril mid for that tenacity of piir|msc wluch had distin guished tiltil' forefathers. " If we ill our generation me proved worthy of our in heritiince," His Excellency added, " tiitit will be the licet lcsHon wc call give our I'hildreii ami *o while each I'Jinpiiv Duy we weigh ourselves in the balance and si-e if dining the |sist year we have done our duty as citizens us we ought to do. we can hop'i that ciudi child will plulgc its ullcgiaiicc to the empire." Voles of thanks concluded the pi oceedings. I Yesterday w as observed ns public holiday in lvookhanipton. The day was de voted almost exclusively to the amusement of the children, l'unies for their amuse meni were held, the majority of tlieni at favourite holidin resorts along the rail ways. To nil tiic dny provisi a lime of pleasure ; nothing Imp-pencil to mar the enjoyment. I'Vir the elder people there were the excursions to Emu Park, the laces at Alton Downs, mid the exhibition at the Columbia Skating lünk.] 