 LATE GABLE SEWS, RECEIVED TO-DAY. fbdm our ow- coBiucsponiicnTi. London Aaareliists. THE SIDNEY-STREET FIGHT. ONE MAN SHOT IK TEE HEAD. LONDON, Friday Evening.— At the Inquest °n the Sidney-street Anarchists to-day medical evjdesce in given that there -u a bullci iole Is ii,t (kuU of nne ot the bodies, and that the wound could not have been aelf-iniiicted. Tbo oodlea found were tooth of small men, therefore it waa Impossible oqb could have been 'Peter, tho Painter.' who la of fine physique. At the Inqnest yesterday, the Coroner strong ly warned Krau, husband ot tbe landlady or the house, 68 Grove-atreet. where Hourontseff died, against prevaricating and withholding tacts within bis knowledge. The Coroner also commented upon tbe difficulty of eliciting the truth, owing to local feeiUg. The 'Dally Kail' states that Prltis dead companion was known as Joseen, and has been Identified as Jacob Fogel, aged 23 years, a native of Korno, West Kussla. He participated in several bank raids, was captured, hut e'eas ed, and came to England Io February last yser. Fogel worked for three months aa a tailor's ireeser. The 'Dally Mall' adds: 'It la sow known lliat MouronUed. Frill, and Fogel were mem bers of a gang ol 2S person!. Including women.' The 'Dally Telegraph' slates that Beron, who was murdered on Clapham Common, was Rusatan-born. ana that his murder has tho ap pearance of a vendetta. It IB believed that be waa killed lcBt he should give Information aa to the whereabout* of FrlU. Tbe latter and his companion changed tbelr lodglnge to 100 Sidney-street the morning after tbe muroer o( Biron. Ao alien, who wan sentenced to tour months' imprisonment at Southampton In July, and then deported, was acutenced at Southampton yes deportation as an incorrigible rogue. Mr. Temple Cooke. the Recorder ot Soutbampton, commented upon the lax administration ot tbe law, and added', 'll ia monstrous to put tbe ratepayers to the expense of maintaining cri minal pauper aliens in prison or the work 