 South African Cricketers. RETURN HATCH IN SYDNEY. FOURTH DAY. TtWUABKART.B BATTING. SYDNEY. Tuesday. 04 raaumyig to-day, the bowlers were Sinclair and Faulkner. The live ly batting continued and at iii)3 Strie ker replaced Sinclair aud got Tozer's wicket. Minnett was next. 'JIHJ , wore hoisted in 231 .minutes. Macartney got bis century in 108' uiinuteB. Sch warg relieved Faulkuior and Sinclair Stuotaer. Minnett lilted Schwarz over the rails for a sixer, but the next ball he returned to the bowler, an easy catch. i''iiimy tilled the vacancy. Shorn ly afterwards Alacartney was beaten by a curly one from Scliwarz. He re ceived a' great ovation, ou retiring (or bis Urilliant leSort and double cen tury. He was batting two hours S minutes and his total included 'J (fours.. Massie joined Emery and the latter lifted Strieker over the railB, a sixer. Jiuiery, going in great styie, got the half century iu 22 minutes. After lunch Faulkner clean bowled llassiu, and Harvey, the last man, came in. Harvey was caught iu tho slips. Emery played a splendid 'not out innings. He was batting 46 minu tes and lus scons included 7 boundary strokes and one sixer. The innings lasted .297, minutes. Requiring 4S7 to win, Airica opened with Pearee and Conmiaille. The bow lorB were Macartney and MinneM, the latter having the advantage of a strong wind behind him. (jommaille was clean bowled by Al ;U''t 1 1 1 . . Fau lkner was next. Macartney then broke through- l'earse's defence, bringing bourse in. The lrali century itoofc ad minutes. Emery bowled vice Minnett and Massie relieved Macartney at 73. M our no reached fifty in 47, minutes and the Century was hoisted in 60 minu tes. After the tear, adjournment the same inowlers continued. Faulkner's half century took 70 minutes. A. dou- ble change was made in the bowling Macartney, and Kelleiway were .tried, but the batsmen played all the Bowl ing with ease, scoring steadily. 200 were , brought up in 1-3 minutes. N our so got his' century in 11U minutes^ whilst Faulkner took. 134 minutes. Minnett replaced Kelleway at 210 aud Collins relieved Macartney at 232. At 5.40 ploy wos stopped by rain. The attendance was 23W. Scores '? — xn?w SftTTTIT WAT.RS First Innings ... ? ? 436 Second Innings. Trumper, b Sinclair ? 15 Bardsley, b Sinclair ... ? ? 73 Kelleway, b Faulkner ? 65 M'Elhone, c Schwarz, b Faulkner 2 Collins, c Snooke, b Faulkner ? 2 Tozer, b Strieker ? 37 Minnett, c and b Schwarz ? 23 Macartney, b Schwarz ? 126 Harvey, c Vogler, b Pegler ... ? ... 7 Massie, b Faulkner ? 19 Emery, not out ? ojj Sundries ? ' Total ? ? ? 45S Bowling Analysis — Strieker, 1 wicket for 43 ? Faulkner, 4 for 71 ; Schwarz, ?I for 77; Sinclair, 2 for 92, Pegler, 1 for 61. SOUTH AFRICA. First Innings ? *08 Second Innings. Commaille, b Macartney ? 1 Pearse, b Macartney ? ?» Nourae, not out ? Faulkner, not out ? Sundries ? _ Total, two wickets for ? 232 Congo Annexation. GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE. LONDON, Feb. 2S. Mr. T. Mackinflon Wood, M.P., j Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, states that Britain will refuse to re cognise the annexation of the Congo by Belgium until in possession of evi dence showing that the situation re garding the position of natives and trade is such as to afford reason able opportunity for the 1 fulfilling of British treaty rights. 