 MINING. v "SETTLEMENT DAY" IN LONDON. DULNESS IN SYDNEY. The dulncss dsepened upon tho Sydney Stock Exchange yesterday. Up to 2 o'clock la the afternoon there vrere 14 sales recorded In nine mining stocks. Outside of a flutter in Car- path ias, lt was even quieter during the late ' . &lt; &lt; .1. . 1. »l.k Innr. Hat afternoon, ah too rest uu wo w represented by so many blnnks In the sale divi sion. Even the buying and selling quotations were -few; there was no "life" in anything. Wednesday was 'Settlement Day on the London Exchange, and Sydney did not seem to have been the recipient of serious overseas buying orders. Notwithstanding something of an Ara- letban lift, the market drooped. Tho downward trend wa3 again displayed in the brokers' "middle" quotations from London. Hero and there it had, apparently, received a check; but the tendency was still towards lower rates. Lead was 7s Cd higher on the day, and copper 22s 6d up, but threo out of the Loay Barrier stocks mentioned were lowor. Block Tens fell 6d to 27s fid, and B.H. Proprietary and Norths 3d each, to 34s 3d and 47s respec tively. Amalgamated Zincs held their own. Great Cobars continued on the down grade. At 2Ss 9d they were 2s below tho previous quota tion, and 7s down on tho week. On tho other hand, Hampden-Cloncurry surprised the market with a recovery of Is to 36s 3d. Mount Elliotts were unchanged, nnd Mount Morgans came at an unaltered rate, but ex dividend. In' Northern Associateds were apparently Is 10 Mid better on the day at lis 10%d. There was some doubt about tho previous day's quotation being correct at time of receipt. The Walhl quota tion, 56s 9d, was Is 6d up on Thursday's figure, but lt 1b not a Sydney-held stock; certainly not to any considerable extent. "Links"' were 1144 down at Is 6d; Chatters, Stars, and Ivanhoes unchanged. Knlgurlls were ex dividend, never theless Is better than the previous quotation, whereas Great Boulder, also ox dividend, was Five sales In four stocks represented the Sydney morning and early afternoon business In Barriers. They were colorless in character; but British, at 36s, was 3d better sold than over-night. Aftornoon sales were effected at about the same level. So also with Amalga mated Zincs at 29s. South (cont,) firmed about Is between tho morning nnd noon calls. Hamp den-Cloncurry was productive of tho only morning business in copper. At up to 36s 3d the sales were 7%d better than the lowest ebb of" the previous day. Sydney was moving slowly in pursuit ot the London lead. But Sydney was moving. A materially better mar ket was made before evening, about halt a itezen sales being responsible for an advance to 36s lO'/fcd (cash) and 37s, 3d (sLx weeks' terms). There was a -better tone in Mount Morgans, with a sale at 69s Cd, towards tho close. Even Carpathias were unproductive of excite ment during the forenoon, although they made amends later. Tho "pnlds" sold firm at 15s. A noon sale, on six-weeks terms, at 16s, seemed to indicate rather a weakness in the "contribs." Those that thought so, and inclined to operate accordingly, were rapidly undeceived. There "were afternoon salcs-r6 weeks 16s, 10 weeks lGs 9d. Then came tho purchase of a thousand or more shares; prompt, seller's risk, at 19s; 19s 3d, and 19s. 9d. The buying-in orders had not nil been exhausted, "bear" assertions to the contrary notwithstanding. After 'Change five or 'six time-sales were recorded at enhanced rates, G weeks 17s about representing "the new averagci A cash transaction at 19s put quite An appropriate finish to the little forward spurt. Southern Crosses sold at three months Is 3d, and later sales at Is 6d and Is 7d showed that the "boars" were still learning their le's- sob. "Wild Cherries found a , buyer at 3s 4d. Business la Tongkah Harbors at 37s, six Weeks, concluded operations in the tin section. In golds, there was a sale of Black Range West (cont.) at '4s 6d (Is down), and another in Occidentals as low as 4s. . Radlum-hlll (old) was the medium for some quiet speculative Inquiry, and a sale was re ported at £10. That represented something like an advance of £3 upon tho price quoted about a weolt ago. The "unllsteds" were quiet, and presumably unhappy In seclusion. A very occasional men tion did not seem productive of business in any direction. - 