 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 21 DAYS ALL RED ROUTE. London, October Gtli.—It is reported that substantial progress lias been made with a scheme for the establishment of an express mail service between Groat Britain and Australasia, via Canada. Several British shipowning firms are interested, and are treating with a Canadian syndicate for the purchase of 4,000,000 acres on the south-east coast of Labrador, with an ice-free port. It is proposed 'to construct a trans-contin ental railway to the Pacific, and it is claimed that the journey from London to Winnipeg will be performed in five days, and to Sydney in an additional 16*days. Blacksod Bay, in Irolaud, will | be the headquarters of the service on this side of the Atlantic, connecting by; means of a special railway with the 1 main system at Sligo. Tho promoters of tho scheme have arrived at Ottawa, to enlist tho support of tho Canadian Government. It is stated that a bond for a guarantee of £'3,000,000 will be asked for. Mr. Wynne, the Postmaster-General of tho Commonwealth. said, on being seen regarding the message, that the proposal must be very much in tho air at present, as he had heard nothing of ficial about it. Any such shortening of tho mail period between Australia and Great Britain would, of course, be wel comed if it could bo accomplished. In shipping circles in Melbourne nothing definito is known of the proposed scheme, which, if brought to a success-1 ful issue, will shorten the journey from London to Sydney, via Canada, by at least 12 days. Travelling by tho exist ing Canadian-Australasian Royal Mail . line takes from 33 to 3o days to reach Sydney from London. One shipping re presentative pointed out that it would he necessary for the promoters to select a port well south on tho coast of Labra dor. for tho reason that the more north ern ports are ice-bound for months in each year. A very fast class of Bteanier would also liavo to ho utilised to do tho ran across from Blacksod Bay to the Labrador coast, for the journey would have to be accomplished in at least four days to permit of Winnipeg being reached within the stipulated five days. A similar class of boat wonkl he neces sary to do tho remainder of tho trip to Sydney across the Pacific. 