 SYDNEY TO LONDON. IN LESS THAN 21 DAYS. . In 18S7 the first transcontinental train of tho Canadian-Pacific Railway entered Vancouver, and, aided by the clamour of a now-born Im- perialism, the subject of tho "All Red Route" came to the front. It was tho late Mr. Wm. Huddart who went to London in the early nine- ties, full of enthusiasm, to secure support for a line of fast mail steamers he desired to establish between Sydney and Vancouver. H1B Imperialism was not questioned, but his be- lief in the commercial success of tbo scheine he had at heart did not convince tho city. However, a measure of support was forth- coming, and it was soon after that the line was inaugurated. For years it struggled, if not precisely with adversity, at least with difficulties. To-day a brilliant success, it constitutes a monument to one of the most unselfish Australians that over lived, a man who loved his land and his, Empire, and in the practical, though in a sense pioneering, work of establishing the, "All Red Route," has left a monument more enduring than one of brasa or granite. It was for long custom- ary to ridicule what may be termed "Hud dart's life work;" to-day It Is recognised that he laid the foundations and nurtured In its infancy a something which has grown to be the greatest competitor to the Suez route for the carriago ot malls between the Com monwealth and the old country, which now exists. Nevertheless, unless vessels of a grcnter speed are placed in commission, there is little to bo feared of Suez losing the bulk of its mail' carriage. With speedier Bhlps come increased expenditure, and, after all, when financial sacrifices are demanded, Im- perialists are somewhat few and far between. Despite the definite and specific advantages the Suez Canal route enjoys, he who runs may read certain writings on the wall of time which plainly announce that even the Do Les seps' route ÍB doomed. The trans-Persian rail- way, before 1923, will link the railway sys- tems of Europe and India. By that date the railway viaduct which is to connect tho Ceylon and Indian railways, via Adam's Bridge, will have been constructed, at least such 1B a reasonable assumption. Long be- fore this date the joining of Fremantle with" ¡Sydney will bo working, and here alone a sav- ing in mail transit time of at least four days Is anticipated. The trans-Persian railway will Ibrlng Colombo within nine or ten days of London, so, at least, conservative estimates place it. "It will then be possible to travel be- tween Fremantle and London, assuming the speed of the vessels between Fremantle and Colombo enables the distance to be covered In seven days, in practically two weeks and a half. Jf a speed of 20 knots is maintained, .there will be a reduction to 16 days, but on the (basis of a 25-knot per hour speed, publicists in London have declared will bo demanded when the completing spike of the trans-Per- sian railway is driven, then the western en- trance to the Commonwealth will bo within practically a fortnight of the world's metro- polis. A gentleman writing recently from the Royal Colonial Institute maintained that Madras would be the port of embarkation and disembarkation for the Australian-British malls, to be forwarded by rail across Persia. This 1B a suggestion which, while Interesting, does not commend itsolf upon examination. It might be urged that there aro port« nearer to Australia than Colombo which could be used as the Asiatic land terminal. This is true in a measure, but much money would require to be expended before thoy could be considered, quito independent of a railway connoctlon many of jthem do not enjoy. There is one ex- ception in Weligama, 20 miles E.S.E. of Galle, and roughly 90 miles nearor Fremantle thnn Colombo, Situated on a fine bay, with a two mlle-wide opening, a breakwater, and some blasting to reniovo certain rocks now form- ing obstructions, would probably make a per- fect harbour. The expenso would bo considered as unwarranted, considering its close prox- imity to Colombo, though it is an axiom that mails be carried the longer distance by rail, where possible, at from 30 to 60 miles an hour, than by sea at a speed of 20 to 25 statute land miles per hour. As. in the case of the Orient lino making Taranto its southern European mail post, so in the futuro a safe harbour at tho extreme south of Ceylon may bo demanded by British and. Australian shipping Intorests, though the saving in time over the whole joui - ney would bo so infinitesimal that it is moio than open to argument whether the faoilities Colombo already possesses will be superseded. While, therefore, the existing mail channel via the Suex Canal may bo safely taken as not having a prolonged term of life to run, thoro doeB not appear to bo any ground for not as- suming that what may bo designated the land terminal ports for the Australia-Europe mall Bervico in the future muBt be Colombo and Fremantle. A great Imperial statesman, and cer- tainly one of the ablest Governors Cey- lon ever had, Sir WeBt Ridgeway, de- clared, in connection with tho now com- pleted railway , running . from Colombo to the north of the island, that he hoped to live to seo the day when the Australian, pas- senger would enter his railway carriage at Colombo and leave it at Calala, Events have moved rapidly In 13 ycarB, and what may, In 1900, have appeared to many as tho exag- gerated opinion of a statesman who has al- ways endeavoured to look into tho future, is now not very far, as human time is measured, from the verge of realisation-that is, in the main-the through railway carriage simile being regarded moro in the light of hyperbole. The Transcontinental railway In Australia, the junction of the Ceylon, Indian, and Euro- pean systems Is no longer a vaguo and nebu- lous proposition. The stage of tho actual has been reached, and tho generation to follow will witness the completion of a vast scheme, tho effects of which aro not easy to esti- mate. It Is as yet early to apeak of Sydney being brought within a fortnight of London; at the samo time, before dismissing the sugges- tion with the word "impossible," It would bo well to bear in mind the remark of tho lato Lord Kelvin respecting the use of that adjec- tive. One thing is certain-a continuation of tho 31-33 day Bervice, which represents the regular mail time in thlB year of grace, can- not be expected to continue. An alternativo monthly service, giving 29 days' transit, is now provided via San Francisco; but tho drawbacks of a service, .however excellent in itself, which presonts such long inter"als, possesses in a commercial sense disadvan- tages which cannot be overlooked. In addition to the sentimental side or tho benefits, in an Imperial sense, speedy mail communications bring about, there aro those purely business or commercial advantages which aro almost legion To name one, bills in transit, is to indicate not the least important. Tho Panama Canal will not offer a mail service which from the point of \iew of expedition, can ever be seriously compared to that which will be given to Sydney citizens via Fremantle, Cey lon, India, Persia, Russia, and Germany 