 . SYDNEY TO LONDON.. In Less than 21 Days. In 1887 the first transcontinental- train of the Canadian-Pacific railway entered Vancouver, ami, aided liy the clamour oi a now-horn -Imperialism, the subject - of tho "All Red Route" came to the front' (says tlie Sydney "Morning Herald" of 21st Juno), It was the late Mr. William I-Iuddart who went to London in the early nineties, full of enthusiasm, to ;secure support far a lino oi fast - mail steamers lie deaircd to establish between I Sydney and Vancouver. His imperialism | was not questioned, but his- belief ia the ; commercial success of the scheme he had | at heart did not convince the city. IIow- ! over, a measure of support was forth- ;- conring, and it was soon after that tlie liuc was inaugurated. For years it struggled, if not precisely with adversity, at least with diilicuitiics. To-day a bril liant success, It constitutes a monument to one of the -most unselfish Australians th. : ever lived,- -a man who loved his land and his Empire, and iii the practical though in a sense . pioneering, work of establishing the "All red route," has left a monument1 more enduring than - one of bras3 or granite. It was for Jong cus tomary to ridicule what may be termed "I-Iuddart's life work ;" to-dav it js ' re cognised that he laid tiro foundations and nurtured in its infancy a something which lins grown to be the greatest competitor to the Suez route, for "the carriage of mails between the Com monwealth and- the' old country, which ' now .exists. NevcrthcsJcss, unless vessels | of a greater speed are placed in corn- : mission, there is little to lie feared of Suez losing the hull: ot its mail carriage. Willi speedier ships coir.e in- t- creased expenditure, and; after all, when j financial sacrifices are demanded, lmperial- ; ists arc. somewhat few and far between. Despite the definite and specific ad- t vantages the Suez Canal route enjoys, he | whq ri,ns. may read certain writings on | the wall of time which plainly announce i that even tlie De Lesseps1 route is doomed. The trans-Persian .railway, -before 1923, will link the railway systems ol Europe and India. By that", date- .the railway viaduct which is io connect t lie Ceylon and Indian railways, via Adam's bridge, will have 'been 'constructed, at least such ' is a reasonable assumption. ' Long before this date the joining of Fromantlc with Sydney will be' working, j and here alone a saving in mail trausit j time of at least four, days is anticipated. The trans-Persian - railway will bring ! Colombo within nine or 'lch days d: ' London, so, at least, conservative esti- j mates plaee .it. It will then he' possible to. travel between Frerr.antie and Lon don'; assuming' the speed -oi tlie vessels between Fremantlc- and Colombo , enables the distance to be covered in seven days, in -practically, two weeks,, and a-half. If a speed of 20 knots is maintained, ' there will lie a reduction ot 10 days,- but on the .basis of a 25-knot per hour speed, publicists in London have declared will he demanded when tlie completing .spike of -the trans-Persian railway is driven,, then the western entrance to the Com monwealth, will he within practically a fortnight of the world's metropolis. A gentleman writing recently from. the Royal Colonial Institute maintained that' Madras would he the port of embarkation 'and disembarkation for tlie Australian-British mails, to" 'be forwarded by, rail across Persia. This is a suggestion . which, while interesting/ does not coriunend itself upon examination. 'It piighfc. be urged that there 1 are -ports nearer to Australia than Colombo.: which, cduld bp '.used .as the Asiatic .land terminal.,. This is, true in' a measure, .but iquch money, would , re-" quire, to he . expended before j thgy ..could be considered, quite- independent of a.rail: way connection many ! of; them do not enjoy. There is .. ."one -. : exception1 in Wcligama/ 20 miles canb-south-cast 0f Galle; and roughly 90 miles nearer . Frc- mantle than Colombo. Situated onva' fine bay, with, a two miles wide opcii'nS> - a breakwater, and "some' blasting to .-rembvo certain rocks now -forming -obstructions, would probably make - a perfect harbour. The expense . would, be considered as ;-:un-; warranted, . evmndering its close, proximity to Colombo thought it is an . axiom that mails ho .carried . tho. Ipngcr. ..distance by .rail,- where possible, .fat froua' 30 to 60 .miles ah hour, than': by. sea at a' speed of 20 to 25 statute- lalid ' miles per hour. As in the case of the Orient line making .Taranto its .. southern " European mail post, so in. the. future, a. safe; harbour at . the extreme south of Ceylon may be ,. demariUeff 'by - British and Australian; ..shipping.-, interests, though the 1 saving in time over the wliolfc journey ' would:' ho So infinitesimal that it is iridre thah open to argument whether /tire facilities" Colombo already Possesses.. will be supersded. While, .there fore; tho existing mail channel, via the Suez Canal; may lie safelv taken' as not having a prolonged 'term- 'of life to ! run, there , docs not appear to be any ground for- not assuming that what may he de signated, the land terminal ports for the Australia-Euro jie: ,, mail service ..in , the ; future must , be Colombo , and Freinantlc. A great Imperial statesman, and cer tainly. one of the ablest Governors Cey lon ever had, Sir West Ridgcway, de clared, . in connccti-on. with now com pleted railway running from Colombo to the north of the island, that he hoped to live to seo ;thn dav when the Austra lian passenger would outer his railway carriage at Colombo and leave it at Calais. Events have moved rhpidly in. 13 years, -anil what may, in 1900, . have appeared to many as thu exaggerated opinion of a statesman who has always endeavoured to look into the .future, . is now, not very far, as human time is measured, from the verge of realisation— that is, jn tlie ' main— the through rail way carriage- shriile being regarded more in' the -light of hyperbole. 'Tho' trans continental railway in Australia, - the junction of the Ceylon, ..Indian, and'Euro- penn systems is no longer a vague and nebulous, proposition. Tile s'tage of tlie actual lias been readied, and the gcncra- tion to follow will -witness - the - comple tion of a vast scheme, lite effects of wllich-'aic not easy to 'estfmnte. It'is as yet early to speak of. Sydney ' being ..brought;- within 'a fortnight i.'f Lyn don; at the 'smile lime, before dismiss ing; the suggestion with' the word ' ">ihi- possible," it 'upuM be Well to' hear in mind the remarl; of .tlie late ' Lord Kcl- vtli rospecting tlie use of ' that adjective. Ofie tiling Is. certain— a 'continuation of the 31-33 "day service, which represents the regular mail time in: .this year of grace, canliqt he oxiiected to continue. Aji alternative monthly scrvitS, giving'29 (lays' "transit-, is now' provided, via San Francisco, but the draw-backs of a: ser vice, however ' excellent in itself, which presents such long intervals, nossestcs in a commorcial scaxe ilisadvantages whicli ednn'ot he overlooked. In adilit-ion to the sentimental side -or the benefits, in an Imperial sense, spend v mail oomniuiiica- t-ions bring about, there are those nurciv business or commercial advantages whicli are almost legioii. To name 'one,, bills. In transit, is to indicate not the least im portant. The Panama (faiial will riot offer a mail service which; .Rom the 'point of view of expedition, can ever bo seriously compared to. that which will ho given to Sydney "citizens, "via Fremaiitlo,- Ceylon, India, Persia, Russia, and Germany. 