 Swift Ocean Voyag&lt; s 1 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26- DAYS. An important change 'in its pres ent tlmo schedule between S.vdno.y and San Francisco was announced by tho O'ceanlc Steamship Co. on Friday last.' will tnko 'effect on 6tii Juno,, the SonOma being despatched on'llint date instead of on 30th May; - After 6th Juno tho company's steamers will depart every 26 days. The Oceanic' company lays claim to the fastest mail time. between Sydney ' and 'London, and hitherto has sel- i .doni failed to land mails in - London j I; within 29 days. This time has only I boan exceeded when tho New York j .-connection - has happened to be a' sevqn dnys' stearner. . - I "it.,\vas seeh by , the'. '-Oceanic, com- pany tlyit by advanced siilings from Syd'noy by" seven flays 1 on tho present schedule a very fast through service to England would be made possible I ' by connecting at Now York with the express . steamers of tho Gunnrd, Hamburg-Amcrika. /Whito' Star and Nord-deu tscher Lloyd .'lines. IVhon .arnuigemenls with those lines were concluded, .tho Oceanic companj sub- .mlttqd to. the United States Clov- : eminent its revised time tablo, tho "sanction of which' lias now been ob tained. The prbsent- "through" time lis now 29 days. This may bo cut )do w n- considerably with the advent of the new steamers of the company, which'.will bo capable of an. ocean apeod' of 29 knots, making tho trip " .frpm.vSx.ddey 'to San Francisco, with stoppings, in about 16 J 'days. Tho ' through trip' to London should tlion -be possiblo in about 26 days. - Mr.' V. A. Sproul; .'general manager of the -company in Australia, ascer tained, that some: fow year's. ago tho 'New Zealand Government proposed a ' scheme , for ; an all-red: mail route 1 via Canada. which. at an enormous exponso /to '.he 'shared by Great ! Britain. Canada rind "New Zealand, would have landed mails in London in' 23; days". Sir Joseph - Ward held the ,v lew . . that the V quickest 'rou to should carry the mails;. Tho- San Francisco route front Sydney holds that : position G It would appear now i that in the hear ' future, it must spring ; automatically . into promi nence; wfth the : advent of the through service; carrying passengers ! and mails at an average of 480 ! m'V-s per.;da.vv ' : The ); steamers; of the; Ocediiic cotn- l pany. 'nro s'lhsirliBNl for . the- voyage :.- 'frlf>''.afthoTVanci8co---''fo'l'SydTi.ey, but need "Tnot... even when .'cvnablo of sleatning 20' knots per hour, go to tho;- expense of maintaining' that sne >d between Sydnev "and Ban Frnn- ctsod. es no s'tlivcn.tion /sArinde in- hv. the 7rpdornl Government . in ; Aus- tr-ilin. This is a qupstion-whicli ma.v interest the present ' Tostmester- General in its relation ;to, tlie retlnc- tion of time Between Aiirtrnlin and Ehglsnd,; and; hs an auxiliary to .the present subsidised rouics. - . 1 ,i -VT ; ' " ' i.: 