 THE DECIDING DAY. SYDNEY TWICE HIT. PUR CRUISER REPLIES; UNDER DIFF1CULTES. LONDON, Friday. 'Daily Chronicle' advices from Cocos Island sitate fliatt the Telegraph staff was advised from Singapore that a German cruiser had been despatched to the Island. The beach was regu larly patrolled. A four-funneued cruiser full speeded to tihe entrance of the lagooil at 6 o'clock on Monday mor ning. Her flag' was not flying. An armored launch and 'two boats, with ?three officers amd forty men and feur maxims came ashore. - The operatois conitdnued to send messages untiil th« Germans rushed in/So ithe cable st&tupn aad placed ihe operators under an armed guard, whale they smashed ih instruments. There was no brutality or pillaging. Meanwhile ithe *.rew ot itflie launcher grappled the cables ana endeavored to cut ithem, but- failed. At 9 o'clock the Emdon sounded! her siren, ' and the landing party dashed tjo. the boats, but the Emden, got under way immediately, as the Sydney ap peared on ithe horizon.' After firing at the Sydney at 3,700 yards, the Em den stieamiedi north.: For a. itime the Em^ein'fei firdlng was exdellenit, Jwhilje thait of the Sydney was- erratic, owing to a range finder being put out-1, ur action by one of Ithe only two German shots, which got ihbme. The Sydney's gunners soon overcame the difficulty and shot away two of the Emden/.s fun nels. Thus blazing away 'the tyyo cruisers disappeared, the Emden being afire 'aft. , The landing parBy left ashore deter * mined to fight to a finish when the Sydney re-appeared. At 6 o'clock ait night they embarked aboard tihe- ? old cshooner Ayesha -belonging to Mr. Ross, and Ithe uncrowned king of Jtlho Island. They commandeered a quan tity of clothes and stores, and set sail, and have not been seen since: The Sydney returned on Tuesday morning. She stated th'atl having the advantage in speed ienabled her to keep out of range of the Emden's guns. The ' Germain cruiser was driven ashore at North Kce17 ing Island wdtlhin . eighty min utes a total wreck. Each cruiser attempted to torpedo the other, but both were unsuccessful. The Sydney's speed during the fight was 26 knots, and the Emden's 24. - The Sydney left at i-i o'clock on Tuesday morning, hoping- to pick up the survivors of the collier Buresk. Later she returned with prisoners. 