 POPULAR AIRSHIP TRAVEtj LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FJVE DAYS. At a mooting in tlic Central Hall, Westminster, Mr G. Holt-Thomas de livered a lecture on commercial aero nautics. He said that in his opinion aeronautics would revolutionise the world nut only from o commercial point of view, but from a humani tarian point, much more than it had revolutionised warfare. He was not one of those who thought that com mercial aeronaut:*'1 ^'cre coing to boat out existence railways and other forms of transport., but rather that flying would act as' an adjunct to the proseut modes cf transport. Aviation having suffered in the past from more discouragement, the people of this counti*y must see to it that in the 1'ut uy it was fully encnTir.j'r.1.. From tlm business point, of view speed was evrt'vthing. A special aeroplane, iu the serine of a rneeial train, wo^'d en able a h:wi:ie«-«i 'man In lc:ive London Paris, and be home .'gain to dinner, j It would take him to Bagdad in a day. and a half, or to New York in two i days. Cevlon would become 2J daysi from London; Tokio, 4^ days; Sydney,! 5 days; Cape Town, 3.1 days: Vancou ver. 3 days.. Many business men would i smile at 'the idea of using this mode! of conveyance, but the only thing wasj to remiijd them that they also smiled : in the early days of motor cars, and ! yet half the business to-day would take double tho time to do it if tho motor car was hot in existence. As for the question of cost, it would he pos sible to run n profitable air service between London and Paris at -:?'» per passenger, id per ounce for mails, and 2s each for parcels of Constanti- nople or Moscow, a journey of 24 hour* might involve a --ost of £25 per ticket'. German methods in this war go to fJermnnv's own credit, hut there wis the quite modern ease iu Alciers. where 500 Arabs, refusing to surren der, were suffocated hy smoke by tho French General Pelissior. 'Chore had, however, been instances of atrocious cvnnofc eomm'tted Sv Algerian troop* oy the Frtfiicli. 