 THE LONDON— SYDNEY AIR LINE Experts Foresee a 5-Day Service FLYING GIRDLE ROUND THE EMPIRE " It Will Came After the War " ,i Last week "The Sun" received the following cable from ita London re presentative:— It. is aemi-officlally stated that important developments in j aerial postage are likely to occur, but not till after the war, when men and ! matorials, and valuable military experience will bo available. 1 It is perhaps only a coincidence that the receipt of tho message set out above should have coincided with tho receipt of three cable messages announcing: — (1) That an aerial line between New York, Paris and London will shortly bo establish ed, and (2) -That a regulaf aerial postal service — a three hour trip — was inaugurated be tween Washington and Philadelphia, U.S.A. on May 1G, and (3) On May 19 that aerial postal routes wilt bo put Into effect in California, U.S.A., Immediately. WHAT WE MAY EXPECT Read in tlie light of these messages. It is fairly safe to assume that the message from our London representative refers to an -air line for mails between London and Sydney when tlie wur is ovor. The astonishing feature, however, is that this is mechanically possible, and that the journey between London und Sydney can bo covered in five days. As far back aa June, 1917, Lord Montague of Benulicu, indicated that thero wero many signs of a serious intention to develop postal and commercial communication by meanB of tho air. He pointed out that tho position of the British Umpire in tills rospect was peculiarly favorable. Onr wide spread pos sessions would, ho said, enable our air traffic round tho world to proceed without having to nsk for concessions from other nations. Jlo then gave time-tables for the various stages of Journeys from England to India, und back by alternative routes. LONDON TO INDIA The outward Journey from Croydon to Karachi would be by way of Mar seilles, Naples, tho West Coast of Crete, Alexandria, Jof, Basra, und Bandar Abbas. Allowing for two live-hour periods of flying every day of 690 miles each, at 120 miles an hour, with a rest each night and a change ot pilot at defined stages, ho calculated that this journey of 4530 miles would be made In 83)6 hours, of which 3914 would represent ac- tual flying time. Leaving Croydon at 7 a.m., passengers would arrive at Karachi at 6.30 p.m. three days later. The return Journey from Peshawar to Hcndon would bo by way ot Bokhara, Gurieff (Caspian Sea), Lugansk, Turnopol, and Leipzig; total distance, 3030 miles; totnl time on journey, 59 hours; actual Hying time, 80)6 hours. As tho fastest aver age time by railway and boat to India before the war was 14 to 15 days, tho saving by air would amount to at least 11 days, while In tho case of Australia thero would be a saving of 23 or 24 days out of tho 30 now occupied by the journey. FASTER, SAFER, CHEAPER Another scientist who has given this matter very serious consideration Is Mr. G. Holt Thomas, who, lecturing before the Aeronau tical Society of Groat Britain some littlo time ago, contended that conveyance by air was a cummcreiul proposition for threo prin cipal reasons: — (1) It is faster than any other means of tiansport, (2) It Is safe. (3) It Is not too costly. Ho laid great emphasis upon the fact that Paris was brought within three hours ot Lon don instead. of seven, Rome within 12)6 hours instead ot 42, and cither Petrograd or Con stantinople within a day's Journey. Tho running costs, lie said, for such trips wero stated to be — presumably inclusive only of petrol, oil, nnd grease— carrying 18001b., including pilot and fuel, 6)6d per mile, carry ing 100011). 5d per mile, carrying 4501b. 2 '/fed per mile. Tho cost of utility muchincs for this class of work, with a speed of 80 m.p.h. is set down at £2500. Mr. Thomas worked out an Income nnd ex penditure account In respect of a passenger service between Paris and London, and in tho reverse direction for 80 m.p.h,, and 20001b. net load (12 passengers), PROFITS WORTH WHILE Ho contended thut a profit could be mado on a charge of £3 per passenger per journey, hut showed that un average of more than nlno passengers per trip was necessary, on that basis, for financial success. He simi larly calculated £10 per passonger between London und Marseilles, und £25 per passenger between London nnd Constantinople. For such u service he plnccd the cost at 3d per mile, compared with a higher cost per mile for tho larger and speedier tvpo of ma chine. Ho wus most Insistent upon the Hufcty ot flying. Ho expressed a wish, in the course of his paper. Unit he were at liberty to givo the answers to tho two following questions: — How muny machines cronB the Channel daily? How many machines fall into it? He asked for acceptanco or tho point of view thut Hying is loss dangerous than many means of communication by land und sou. lie pointed out that a wind of 30 miles an hour or moro is recorded only 13 days In the year In the south-cast of I-lngland, und for only 42 hours on those days, ' AERIAL rot; HK1NAI.S At Holyhead, which Is one ot the worst in stances, tho record Is 24 dnys. Such a wind hus practically no effect on a modern uero- plnnc. One of Mr. Thomas's proposed solu tions for landing in fogs Is to send up a small , kite-balloon carrying no pnsuongers, to a height of, suy, 1500ft., I.e., above the fog, in order to indicate the location of a landing ground. Ho examined tho cost of renting landing grounds ut considerable length, for all parts of the world, and In the latter portion of his paper pointed out that by aerial transport Ceylon becomes 2% days from London. Toklo 416 days. Sydney 5' days. Capetown 3)6 dnys. New York 2 days. A'ancouver 3 dnys. . Ho forecasted u scries of lundlng' grounds from London to Toklo at 10-mile intervals, presumably reckoning tho sea us a good one ail the time. He considered that aero planes have developed along entirely wrong linos so fur, from u commercial point of view, for the following reasons: — (1) Excessive climb demunded Ir. a fighting mnchine, and power thrown away to obtain this; (2) Excessive attention devoted to visi bility, gun positions, &c. (3) Excessive strength for fighting manoeuvres, &c. THE rUTUItE IN THE AIR Lord Montague, in his speech, summed up tho futuro of aviation In a few terse phrases. "Nations," he said, "are spending millions of money upon the development of flying, and thousands of bravo men havo sacrificed their lives, both in fighting and experimental work. Tho great development of flying produced by this war will mean that in a few years from now tho human race will navigata tho air with case, spoed, and safety." And thus, out of tho world's travail will como progress, for it is certuin that but for tho impetus given to aeronautics by tho war it would have been nearly another decade be fore wo could have looked for the things foretold herein. When in 1907 tho claims of the all Red ' Routo were put forward tho outstanding fea ture wns that It would reduce tho time for tho carriage of passengers and mailo between London and Sydney to 23 days, 13 hours. Steamers of 25 knots wero called for by tho advocates of tho scheme, and a subsidy of £600,000 was nuked for to asslBt a steamship company to provide tho vessels required, THE ALL-RED ROUTE The route suggested was;— Atlantic Ocean 25 knota. Tactile Ocean 1, and 21 knota. Leavo London (aay) Juno I, Friday, 7 p.m. Arrlvo Blncktiod, Juno 2, 9 a.m., Icavo 10 a. in. Arrive Halifax, Juno 6, 0-9 p.m., leave 10 p.m. Arrive Vancouver, Juno 9, 10 p.m., leave midnight. IS KNOTS. Arrlvo Honolulu, June 15, 10 n.m., Icavo 4 p.m. Arrlvo Suva, Juno 21, midnight, Icavo 6 a.m., 22nd. Arrive Auckland, Juno 24, 10 p.m., leave -i a.m., i 25th. , > Arrive Sydney, .Tuno 27, midnight. London to Sydney 20 days 5 hourn. London to Auckland ... 23 days 3 houra. i 21 KNOTS. Arrlvo Honolulu. Juno 14, 4 p.m., leave 10 p.m. PROPOSED ROUTES FOR COMMERCIAL. AEROPLANES AS OUTLINED BY MR. HOLT THOMAS (Time reckoned from London) Arrive ftuvn. June 20, 0 n.m., leave 3 p.m. Arrive Auckland, June 22, 10 p.m., leave 2 a.m. 23rd. Arrlvo Sydney, June 25, 2 p.m. London to Sydney 23 days 10 houra. London to Auckland ... 21 dayn 3 houra. A 26-knot aervlco on the Pacific aide would havo brought the Journey 10 a termination In under 20 UayH, And to-day wo arc in a position to regard the reduction of this proposal by 15 days as possible. How this old world ot ours iff hustling. 