 J THE INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC SYDNEY'S WORST DAY. . 41 DEATHS-191 CASES. ! BED (THE ONLY INFALLIBLE CURE. TBy Cable] LONDON, April IO. It is understood that 30,473 cases of influenza orcurred in the British First Army in Frunce in six weeks in May add June, 1018. The doctors aureed that tho only iufallible cure was to remain in bcd. [By Telegraph.] ¡ MELBOURNE, April 14. '' The Acting Prime Minister, Mr. Watt, has received from thc Premier of New South Wales, Mr. Bolman, a telegram which, in effect, say6 that the iCew South Wales Government will place no obstacle in the way of the carrying out of the Common- wealth regulations for the control of in- terstate traffic. Mr. Watt telegraphed to Mr. Holman on Saturday informing him that the Commonwealth Government con- sidered it necessary to take control of traffic between infected states and that the Government of Victoria had reques- ted him to do it with regard to traffic between New South Wales and Victoria. In his telegram Mr. Watt eaid that he assumed that the Kew South Wales Government would co-operate generally. The reply received from Mr. Hol \ n to-day was BS follows :-" Your suggested action, undertaken at the re- quest of the Victorian Government, has heen considered by the Cabinet to-day. This Government cannot admit your con- stitutional power to override the_ health powers of this state. Wc arc of opinion that our restrictions are, under existing i circumstances, sufficient. So long, how- ever, as your requirements are in excess of those" prescribed by our Government wc will instruct our officials to accept the Commonwealth Government certificates. Whilst prepared to co-operate generally ? with your Government, it must be under- stood that ail expenses so incurred must : be borne by the Commonwealth. Our i Health Department officials are already overworked. The additional burden, such i as you suggest, will necessitate extra , medical aid." 4 There were 432 fresh cases reported to- day, 384 being in the metropolitan area and forty-eight in the country. The ad- missions to the hospitals numbered eighty-four and thc discharges eighty three. There are 1124 patients Sn the hospitals. There were nineteen deaths L Ao-day-nine in the metropolitan hospi- tals and ten outside. I WELLINGTON, April 14. Eight fresh cases of influenza were re- ported among the passengers and crew of the steamer Niagara in the week, making the number of patients in quarantine sixty-one. Tho -Wellington Hospital Board is urging the. Minister for Health to ex- tend the port to port quarantine period to seven days and to declare Aus- tralia an infeoted slate Bo far the Minister has not given an answer. SYDNEY, April 14. Thc final report of the Board of Health to-night was the worst which has vet boon issued. Thc deaths in the city hos- pitals numbered fortv-onc, while til» ad- missions to the hospitals numberel 101. There was one further death at the North Head quarantine hospital, and three deaths ocnurrol in tho country. inere have been 480 deaths in Sydney sinoe the outbroik of tho ep'damic, while the aso» which have been re-cived :n the hospitals for treatment number 3923. Nearly noO men and boys were absent from, the small arms factory at Lithgow to-dav, mainly through influenza. The epidemic is assuming serious proportions at Lithgow. GLEN INNES, April U. There are no fresh cases of pneumonia influenza. Thc two patients at the hos- pital are doing well. Dr. Snow, of EmmaviSe, has reporto! to the authorities that another cai>e of pneumonic influenza es'sts at Deepwater. The patient is a cM'd. GRAFTON. April 14. The Medical CnnsuLa'ive C nunittec to-dav resolved to retraes* tho Bo«rd of ?Health to «rant all possüble powers to tho lofal authority to deals with 'nflurnza cases. It was recommended that all local shows should be postponed urti! a further date. Tn the oniiion of thc Com- mittee romroercn! travellers should not journey from Svd'-e . or Newcastle to un '"fjctcd districts in the course of tb.- epi- demic. BRISBANE. Ami) 14. The Commissioner of Public H-alth. Dr. Moore, state« that "u-enflnnd is stiJ free fro'n pneumonic infiuenaz. The trnn«r>nrt K-nMworth Castle a-Tivod in iforeton Rav th's mron'ng w'lh fortv-eovon adul*s nnd twelve eh'ldren on iwird. Thev will und-rtro three osvs'i nisrantine at Lvtton. and. if no unto "Urd dTve.lr»»ni&lt;v>ti> toke nine*, will J,/, m. leu'wi cn Thnrsdav tiext. Abnil isWtv rn&lt;"nb«r« of the "^r'sbiine branch of the Rumen's and Firemen's "n'on met to-niybt and nnnnimf's-'v re- affirmed fhn d-xvai'm nn+ to rntiirn to xrrvV mvHl ivo'r ¿e-nn-Tin1 Tnr £*ot> .TIMIT ance fi&°ipf.i rTi»^+h fro-i n-e'imo-ic irtflu ei** had be-n orated The P^-retavy. Mr R-irV «»!d *hef: «« ««?-« «« t*e Coi *flnvrt r«v"»rrW&lt;r ípfl"ri«co fhn *n»n *vo»M s'pn on «."»in. loftf-'n" f-n other »'.oins io be Fettled bv a cnn'orfnrf or nr^itrdtd'D. 