 THE INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC SYDNEY'S WORST DAY. 41 DEATHS — 191 CASES. BED THE ONLY IHFAXUBLE CUBE. fBv Cable.1 'LONDON. Anni 10. It 18 understood that 36,473 cases of influenza occurred in the British Frst Army in France in eix weeks in Hay and Jane, MIS. The doctors agreed thai the only infallible cure was to remain in bed. fBy Telegraph.] MELBOURNE, April 14. Tie Acting Prime Minister, Mr. Watt, lias received from the Premier of Kew South Wales, Mr. Holman, a telegram ?which, in effect, says that- the Sew South Wales Government will place fio obstacle in the way of the carrying out of the Common wealth regulations for the control of in terstate traffic Mr. Watt telegraphed to that. £be Commonwealth Government con riderefl it necfBsaiy to take COfltTO! Of name between infected states and that tie Government of Victoria liad reques ted bun to do it witii regard to traffic between New South Wales and Victoria. Id his telegram Mr. Watt said that he assumed that the Kew South Wales Government -would co-operate . generally. The reply received from Mr. '. Holman to-day was as follows : — ' Tour suggested action, undertaken at the re quest of the Victorian Government, has been considered by the 'Cabinet ti-day. I This' Government cannot admit your con- 1 et$ntional power to override the health powers rf this state. We are of opinioa tJiat our restrictions are, under existing circumstances, sufficient. So long, bow-. ever, as your requirements are in excess of those prescribed by our Government -ire will instruct our officials to accept the Commonwealth Government certificates. Whilst prepared to co-operate generally with your Government, it must be under stood that all expenses so incurred must be borne' by the Commonwealth. Our Health Department officials are already overworked. The additional burden, EUch ! as you suggest, will necessitate extra medical aid.' I There were 433 fresh cases repotted to day, 384 being in the metropolitan area and forty -eiglit in the country. The ad- , .missions to the hospitals numbered i 'eighty^fonr and the discharges eigbty three. There are 1124 patients in the hospitals. There were nineteen deaths to-day — nine in the metropolitan hospi tals and ten outride. WELLINGTON, April 14. Eight fresh cases of influenza were re-! ported among the passengers and crew of the steamer Niagara in the week, making the number of patients in quarantine Gixty-one. __ The ' Wellington Hospital Board is urging the Minister for Health to ex tend lie port to port quarantine period to ~ seven days and to declare Aus tralia an infected slate. So far the Minister lias not £ivcn an answer. I SIDNEY. AprjJ 14. j . Tho final report of the Board of Health tc-aij&t was the worst which has vet been issued. The deaths in the city nos pitabj numbered forty-one, while th? ad missions to toe hospitals numbered 191. } There was one farther death at 4he North Head quarantine hospital, and ifcree deaths occurred in the country. - inert have been 4S0 deaths in Sydney sine*, the outbreak of the epidemic, while the asea which have been retired in the bos/ittls for treatment number 3923. Nearly 300 men and boys were absent -from the small arms factory at lalbpow to-day, mainly through influenza. The epidemic is B''''''f serious propo-tionc at 'jtbgow. GtSS INNES, April '4. | There are no fresh cases of pneumonic j influenza- The two patients at the aos-j pital are doinjt weU. . I Dr. Bnow. of EmmaviHe, has re;nrt«J to the authorities that another 'ja»e of pneumonic Sr«ni.nT« exists at De^pwatcr.i The patient is a child. I .GRAFTOX. April 14. I The Medical Consultative Committee! to-day resolved to request the Boxid of Health to erant all possibte powers, to the local authority to deal with infiunus cas»s. It was recommended that all local shows should be postponed vvaH a. further date, {n the oobuon r'. lie Com-; mittee commercial traveller* should not journey from Svdnev or Newcastle to an inf^cted districts in the course of toe epi BUI5BANE, April 14.*^' Dt ^Commissioner of Public Health, Dr. *foore.Jrtata« that Queensland Js-stO trat / Voa weamoBteiiiflnmi- '?-' ? - . The transport Ken3m-rth Cutle' arrived, in Horeton Day this mroninz with fonr-scven adults and twelve ch Idrm on bond. They will undergo three oars' quarantine at Lytton, and, if no unto ward developments take place, wm be re leased on Thursday next. About Bixtr members of the Brisbane tauch of the Seamen*, and Fire-en'* Union met to-night and unanimous'y re aHnned the decision not to return to wo* unta their demand for £500 insur ance against death from pneumonic influ enza had lieen granted. . Tho Secretary, Mr. Bnrke. said that as soon as tie Con troller of Shmpine. Admiral Clark-son, met them regarding insurance the men would sign on acain. leav!n-r the other clains to be settled by a conference or arhitriUon. ; 