 LONDON TO SYDNEY. ELEVEN DAYS' FLIGHT. LIEUT. HINKLER'S FLAN. iLcutrunnt Ilinkler thus outline his Bundabcrg airman who bus entered f-r the (light to Australia from England, writing to his naren s under date March 22, says thut for some time part he bad been eoiilen-jilntitig a (light home from England. Mis idea, be sure, was to utilise .he !yj»e &lt;-f machine which he had used in Italy, to which he would make certain ndjustments, enabling Jiini to he |» (lie air for 1060 mile# or so nt a rtte'eh. Tito lima to which Ae made the pro- pniiti.-n, however, thought it was a bit too much for tha particular dut-a of machine, Hud a uu Alternative sug- gextt ,1 n machine which was being re modelled tor war use with an 80 horse- power «ugine capstblc of diing 100 mile- an hour uli the level. lor the flight he world commence at .' or 4 a.m. each day, nnd fitmli early in :l;o oftrrnoon tbvialing any danger uf becoming lort in the dark- lies# in n strange euimtrv. After land ing each afternoon nt (he end of Hie stage nf his journey th-rc would be 'hue to examine 'the ninchiiic in day light and make all ic arrangements so a# to start the uest morning before daylight . Lieutenant Kinkier ihu outlines his timetable:— London, start 2 a.m., anil arrive at Urlndisl, 11"0 miles. Second dny: Arrive at Damascus, 2100 miles. Third day, Arrive at f hirer, la Persia, in'r) miles. 3\urtb day: Arrive ai Kernchifl India. mile#. Fifth day; Arrive at Calcutta 56O0 miles Hixth day; Arrive at Tcnasriren, in Siam, 6600 mile fteventk day. Arrive at MacOsor, io the Cclelies, 7600 miles. Eight day: Arrive n' Darwin, Aus tralia, 8300 miles. Ninth day: Arrive nt llughcnden, 9500 mile. Tenth day: Arrive at Bundabcrg, 10,150 miles. Eleventh doy: Flight to Sydney. 4 n (rnveliing the whole 11,0(MJ miles In c&lt; inridcr that the hardest going wi'l be the stretch aerosi India. The Agent-General for Queensland, £lr Thomas Bobinion, wished him the best of luck when he mcuticned the venture to him, 1»ut when he touched upon the matter of financial assistance he was politely retort"! to another dc- pnrtmen''. Thp offer of o jtrizc fr-r a flight by the Australian Government lias evi dent!.- nrted as a stiii uloos amongst aircraf: firm#, aud the result Is that Lieutenant 11 inkier has entered for the fiiglit. He says that- from informa tion he has gathered from Indian pil e-Is, living conditions over India are none too favorable; but at tlie time of writing he was confident that if lie was able to cccnre a machine be would be able to nntiihilntc the distance be tween the Thames and the Burnett, uud a little more as well. 