 :HE GIFT DES RUYEKS. ANZAC TlHE FLAGSHIP. REACH SYDNEY ANZAC DAY. (Australian Cuble Association.) LONDON, Wednesday. Commander S. 1H, Sinmpon, D.S.O., of se ~ldestroyer Anzuc, commanding thll lotilla, conducted Mr. Andrew lilshor, tho High Commissioncr for Australia, on a tour of inspection of tho destroyers Tattoo, Tasmania, ltalhart, and Success, lying at Chatlham JDockyalrd. The Anzac and Swordsman Iar still at Portsmoutlh. Mr. FIrishcr Inspected Iho crows, who were lined up on the side of the dock, and congratulated the olllccers and men on their smart, worlkmanlike appenarnco. He expressed the grallication lha.t Australia felt at the splendid gilt, and hoped they would spend an enjoyable timeo on the Australian stations. Commander Simlpson said ho wanted tho flotilla to seul i good exa:mple evorywhero It wont. An cfllcient ship was a happy hillp. It could not be one without thu otlhor. ' Liutenant-Gommander A. MI. Roberts, D.S.O., of the Tattoo, escorted Mr. Fishor over hisveksol,. Although thoro are other equally modern dcstroyers in Holmo wal ore and in the Modittcrancalin,. tle vuossel aro liloly to oxito' consilderablo 'Interest beyond Adon, as thoy will bo tho mosti up to-dati over ueen In" Easternywaters' Tbhu Will'make an olght days' stay at Boombay, arranging to arrive' at' Sydney on Anizac ''The crows will servo in ithe Australian navy for two' years,: Thqro was no .dli culty ln sdcurltig' voluhnters.' All are on thuilastli at 'the 'irospsct of a long stlay in Australian?w ators.: Tho crows of the Ancao' and Swordsman include a s'onsld orabloh proportion of. Ailtralians,', but thobe, of the other dostroyors ire alino. t exclusively' English; :.All lhad, wldo'war aerviae,' representing practically every naval ongaCgment,'. oxcept that off tho Falkland 'Islands' . . Coummandor Simpson gailned the D.S.O. and Bar by 'brlliant:'work'ln:,thb'mystery . shillps, tracling. down iubmnarines. Llou lenant-Comhaninder, Robcrts orvcod lun tile Oardanollos' nnd off I Jutland. LliutenanOt Cobby, of -th Tattoo, was a gunner aon 'I.M.S Vindictivo, and won spoclil prol niotion in recognition of his bravery. H" was one of, thie' first to :laud lit the imblo Another i of tho 'Tattoo's , ofllcos ;lts engil ieor-liouitehanit :Mardon, ''l 'othe Naval Collogo, Jurvlts Bay. :H was twico dowo op In; tho war; once: on board, IH.M.:. Iuracban, in th0 -Baltlc. '" Lioiten'ant-Com aonder Huighesi Whille commands tila Swordsman.. '-Lloutonant-Colmnandor 'II. Joyco,.D.S.O. and Bar, garinld by lihtint ; oubmarlnos, commands 'the Tasmania;: _liutenant rF. L. Cavayo, who' served' on board HII.M.A.S. Sydney,: commands:, thu italwart, and' Liiulenant , Wado, the Suc-': cess; : ': : . . ' : 