 10-Day Flight. LONDON TO SYDNEY. SIR KEITH SMITH'S VIEW. Sydney, August 24. Sir Keith Smith, who, with his brother, Sir Ross Smith, made the first flight from England to Australia An 3020, returned to Sydney on tho Nia gara on Saturday. Ho has come to Aus tralia ua Gmteritfl Australian Super visor for Vickofs. Limited. In an interview he said tho progress being inudc ih aviation abroad was as tounding. England stood preeminent in that regard, and tho standard of the air forces, both in the army and tho navy, was wonderful. The war had taught England the necessity of nn air force. Tho war hnd taught Australia the same lesson, and it was up to Australia to profit by It. It was tlio duty of Australians to sup port \vholehenrtcdly and dctorminedly any proposal that had its object tho successful furtherance of aviation. From a dcfcnco point of view an Aus tralian air force was absolutely neces sary. - One of the problems to be invest!, gated by Sir Keith Smith is that or the proposed- airship service between London and Australia. He snid it had been definitcly dculdcd to commence a direct service .between England and India,, and that -should be in working order in 'lcss tlmn two years. There would be only one slop on the route — at Cairo— mud that portion of tlio jour ney would occupy no more than r0 hours. - Tbpucc "airships would travel direct to Knrachi.- Thcre was no reason why that ser vice, and tho Australian service under .consideration should not bo commercial successes. When tho service to India tyus completed, and in running order, they would prcpuro for an extension to Australia. Airships would bo nblo to do tho journey from England (start ing off at Croydon) to Sydney in 10 days. The time of the journey to Perth would bo two days less. . A company would he formed to ex. ploit the second part, of the great ven ture from India to Australia, which had been selected because of its wes terly position. If it 'should- bo decided to selcet. a ntution nt Singapore; tho flight .from India would be cast by south to Sydney. Monitors would probably bq stationed at various parts of tho journey to act ns depots, with gas plants and work shops on board. Iu time of war these would bo used for auxiliary dcfcnco, because each would be equipped with guns, and jinve-n great speed capacity. He would like to paytributo to tho members of .the United States Air Force ou. their arrival at Greenland on their world flight. 