 BOOKS OF CHUCKLES "COLLEGE DATS," by Stephen Leacock. (Lon don, John Lane; Sydney, Dymock's.) 5/. Professor Leacock has done it again. Although In the latest book tho essays are largely reprints from college mag azines, they show their author to be tho same "follow of infinite -jest" wnom thousands of readers have come to hold in keen regard. A notable point about tho Leacock humor Is that it is rarely cruel. There was, It is true, an oc casion when he jested at the expense of starving Germans, hut that was in the heat of war time. In the present hook he gives some of his views on tho general subject; in "A Sermon on College Humor," he insists that tho best of humor is always kindly; the worst and cheapest is malicious. It may he accepted almost as a matter of course that some of the es says in this book, having to do very largely with Canadian college life, are parochial and thin. This ap plies also to some of the verse, quite a large quantity of which Is included. But there is a considerably broader element that makes tne book worth having. Leacock's "Memories and Miseries of a School-master," for in stance, will probably arouse a sym pathetic thtob.ln thousands of peda gogic breasts, particularly when, he observes that "if every day in the life of a school could be the last day but one, there would he little fault to ' find with it!" "English as She Is taught at College" Is another most enter- . talnlng skit. Gentle fun Is poked at | tho examiners, who ask students to distinguish between "styles" of dif ferent authors, as they would the color I of their whiskers. | "The truth is," adds Leacock, "you I cannot examine in English in this way, ' or only at tho cost of killing the very ! thing that you' wish to create. The ! only .kind of examination in thesub- ' joct I can think of would he to say to tho pupil, for example, 'Have you read tho novels of Charles Dickens, and do - you like them?' and when he answered ; that he didn't care for them, but that Ills uncle read them all the time, to sond a B.A. degree to his uncle." "BRIGHTER INTERVALS," by Gordon Phil lips. (Londou, -Nisbot Slid Co.l 5/0. If any fault is to be found with this book by Mr. Gordon Phillips, well known as a humorous writer for the Manchester "Guardian," Lon- , don "Punch," and London "Opinion," it is that which uffect3 Profes sor Leacock — the fact that some of tho essays are adapted merely for "home consumption," and have only slight appeal to Australians. But here, again, there is also wit that ranges widely. The preface, to be gin with, looks over-long, but it is clever and entertaining. So, too. with most of the prose skits and the fre quent verse. Life in England, if Mr. Phillips is to be believed, is just one cold after another. And everything is known about colds — except how to avoid them. There are, it seems, several wcll-recognlscd ways of catching colds. "Tho good, old-fashioned way is oy sitting in a draught. A later method is by not sitting in a draught — accor-, icing to this school of observers, the shortest cut to a perfect peach of a cold is to shut tho window and get closo to the fire. Intending connois seurs can select either method with a calm mind. . . . This discovery has led yet another school of enthusiasts to announce that 'fresh air,' too much or too little, has nothing to do with tho matter. It is all a case of mi crobes. The ideal remedy is, of course, obvious. All air should he boiled . before breathing. 'Another way,' as the cookery book puts it, is to stop breathing altogether.': . 