 THE PIONEER OF SYDNEY'S UNDERGROUND, Page 9 EVE TO-DAY IS HER DRESS WRONG ? CHURCH CRUSADE PEER AND THE FLAPPER - The Popes criticism of modern fashions for Women' as immoral and inducing irreoerance is supported by Lady Gertrude ' Benson, wife of Sir Francis Benson, -the well-known actor-manager - and Shakespearean producer. On the other hand. Lord Dewar, who is a bachelor, declares that the women to-day arc more healthy, and more beautiful thaib those of any other- generation. ("Sun" Special)- "" LONDON, Sunday. A world-wide appeal to . men's Catholic associations to make' a vigorous crusade iu the interest of hu manity against . modern women's "immoral fashions and irreverent maimers," was made by the Pope, in tile presence of a great gather ing of men, say3 the Rome corres pondent of the "Weekly D I s: patch." Pope Pius XI "The -human body," said the Pope, ".is sa cred, because It is God's crea tion, and therefore it -should defend itself against the spirit of irreverence which is found in the present fash ions, which hear the seed of count less catastrophes." The Paris correspondent of the journal says that the' Archbishop of Bordeaux has ordered little girls to cover their knees, while women's- skirts must he long enough to pre- venVany- a'ceusatioris of immodesty; He lias forbidden priests to admin- ister the- Communion- - to those who disobey those commands. The bachelor Lord ' Dewar, in a speech in London, said: "You cannot blame a girl, who pays 30s for a pair of sillc.. stockings, for showing 28s worth of them. AVe see more and more of women each year. Doctors must be in a dilemma to know where to vac cinate. "AVomen's dress is the most ra tional and. hygienic over worn since Samson; had his hair bol/Ded. That Is why our women are 'healthier, more handsome, and more beauti ful than those of any other genera tion. -- "If Mother Eve had 'known half as much as some ol our flappers, what a fool she would have , made of Lord Deular mat serpent r Lady Gertrude Benson, the actress, in an interview, said that some women certainly dressed in an exaggerated fashion - for church. — ' "I think the lipstick should not 'he- used quite so much while 'young ladies are kneeling at prayer," she added. "I agree with the Pope that modem women have no ven «>-ation or reverence, and that they lack grace." 