 'NATION OF AVIATORS' - Captain Cobham's Prophecy. From London to Sydney in Eight Days. "Aviation is an Instrument of De- velopment.'. SYDNEY, Thurs'day.— 1 ' 1 We haA-e - been, a nation of seamen ; Ave will be a nation, of a\ialors. ' ' So said Captain Alan Cobham, speaking at .a civic reception tendered him at Sydney Toavu Hall, to-day. Tie said there was 110 reason Avhy travel betAveen London. and Sydney should not be possible, in eight, days. / Do not- look upon; aA-iation. as purely, Commercial enterprise," he said. "It is an instrument of development' of Aus tralia and of the" Empire. This 'flight of: mine is 110 stunt.;/.. To my mind/ the greatest perf or inaiice ever put up was by Sir Ross and Sir " Keith Smith," (chceis). Captain Cobham outlined the various flights Avhich he lias . undertaken, and said lie hoped to see an aeroplane ser vice operating in tlie near future, be- tAvcen ; Cairo, and Central; Africa ; and London. "GUARDIAN ANGEL OF AVIA TION." Relating: the circumstanees and pre- . paratloii leading . to: his present /flight,/ he said that, at the last moment Avhen the question of finance was probleinati- Sir Charles Wakefield. Avho had been called: the 1 ' guardian angel df aviation; '. stepped in, and told him not .-to-. -worry ; about , the money part of the affair, but. to go /right aliead. It was the original intention; said Captain Cobham, / /that.: tlie flight should be undertaken in.-au- aoroplane. He, hoAveA'er, pressed for a, seaplane, and although lie.: had never f loAvn a: machine of y" this type until , two days before he began the flight, lie Avas quite convinced of their practicability. Concluding, lie said: "I hope t? come to Australia again,- and if ' I should ar rive in a year or two; at Mascot, , and there is nobody there . to meet me, I shall know, that everything is all right in aA'iation, and that tlie arrival of 'a 'plane from England is an everyday oc currence. " The Minister for . Health (Mr. Cann) proposed the toast of Captain Cobham's iiealtli, : while Sir Keith ; Smith was also included in the list of speakers. 