 jykdks. and ficpkilieJ The Coming Race Struggle MO-DAT AND TO-MORROW: THE TESTING PERIOD OP THE WHITE RACE," by J. U. Curie. (Mcthucu and Co., Ltd., London; Dj-niock's, Sydney.) Price, 6/. A short while after the Great War the author of this book was walking wlih a friend by the shore of Hob- sons Bay. When they had discussed "all tilings in heaven and earth, especi- ally the human ouiiook ana me un certainty of it," his friend said to him: "X want you to write a book with the gloves off." And this book, which thus had its origin in Australia, is the re sult. It deals with Nature, evolution, race, heredity, environment, sex, mind and matter, cause and effect, good and evil— "a fairly tall order," as Mr. Curio remarks — a blend of the human, the personal, and tho philosophic. Jlr. Curie made his name as a writer with "The Shadow Show," a most In teresting and informing book of travel. But before that he had achieved a re putation as a mining engineer, and liud written a book on "The Gold Mines of tho world, based on visits to many countries nnd inspections of their mines, including those of Australia. Since that time ho has visited other countries, so that thero is hardly a corner of the world that ho does not know. Probably he is the "most,-, travelled" man alive. Certainly is ono of the most observant and thought ful of men. His wanderings find ob servations, indeed, have given him food for very serious thought. Apart from a tendency to repetition nnd tho fre- quont uso of words like "goodish." "Jargleb," "Iongish," and "fairish," which rather jar on one, he has a pleasant, chatty style. But it is not his manner of writing that will make this book sell, but the matter it con tains. It is a survey of mankind which shows the Whites of Western Europe, because of their balance and their originating brain, to be the best hope of the world. But at tho height of their achievement they are seen to he surrounded by dangers which, if not resolutely faced, must lead to certain downfall. Among these are over-popu lation, tho coming economic struggle (not only between tho white races themselves, but between the white and the colored races), tho hatred of the colored world, the "make-believe cnlled democracy," and, most serious of all, the degeneration of tho blood through preeuing lium mo unuc. now tnese dangers can best be faced and over come is tho main theme of the book. "The British blood strain Is deterior ating fast," he writes. "The war showed us up as largely a C3 people. The state of American health, ascer tained at tho time of their conscrip tion, gave the thinking Americans a rude shock, and you will And the samo conditions moro or less throughout 1 Europo. What is llio menace of tho i colored world compared to that?" It 1 is a ease of tho operation of "Gresham's Law" in a racial sense — tho bad eur- 1 rency is driving out tho good. Mr. Curie is not "orthodox," and he takes no account of Mother Grundy or tho conventions in what lie says and the remedies he proposes. Among other things, ho is a Arm believer in the clfiicacy of birth-control, hut, unfortu nately, as he says, it is practised at "the top" Instead of "tho bottom" — the best types are being repressed, the worst are multiplying. After men tioning Franco and Holland, he goes on to mention Australia (which, by the way, he describes as p. rim of fertility round a vast central desert). "Aus tralia is another country where birth- control is widely practised'. I lay on the beach at Manly, some years ago, watching the young Australians bath ing, and tlicy seemed to me a raco of young Greek gods. It is known that birth-control is innrensinp-lv nrriol Isml in New Zealand, Britain, Canada, United States, Germany — in fact,' in all the most intelligent countries in the world Medical opinion, too, veers more and moro in its favor." It will be seen from this that Mr. Curie's fears for the future, so fur as a clash between the white and colored races is concerned, are not based upon the out-numbering of the whites. In- deod, lie has no fear whatever of tho colored races of tho world uniting in a great war against the whites. "Tho strugglo is going to be an economic one, when wo shall see the whole of Asia, and it may be Africa as well, try to throw off white domination, and como near succeeding. Tho attack will de velop where we are most vulnerable —in tho markets. In those days, too, we shall be waging the great economic struggle with each other — confusion worse confounded! And how Democ racy, based on the opinions and pre judices of the ignorant masses, is go ing to handlo an era such as this I really don't know." Mr. Curie's views on Democracy — a mischievous and unstable thing, in his opinion — are well worth reading, but probably the most popular chapter in the book is that on "Nature and Evo lution," a fascinating account of a , fascinating subject. 