 . BOOKS OF TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW fREVELRY," by Samuel HopklnB Adams, Lon don, , Brent, ino's; Sydney, Dyinock's. 5/6. With President Coolldge's refusal to stand for election again, still /appear ing in the news columns, this novel takes on an added significance. Readers will be set guessing as to who is who, wnen meyareaa a story m which the principal character is a . President of America, "of the time just beyona our own day," but whose associates are only too obviously ..counterparts of sundry American politicians who have been mixed in numerous "graft" scan dals of recent years. If the picture of American Governmental' routine- is at all veridical then the formula for "getting things done" in the Stated is very simple. Find your grafter, pay him, and the job's done. According to. the publishers of the English edi- . tion, the book is causing the widest comment in America; because some in cidents can be identified with one of the recent administrations. Sensational the book may be, but it is decently written, and there is hardly a dry page in it. ' "Dry," in .. this connotation, is apt, for the aroma of alcoholic -liquors seems to hang around almost every colloquy, and meeting between the figurehead president and the men who really rule the States. "THE BAD SAMARITAN;" by Justin Sturm. London and New York, . Harper and Brothers; Sydney, , Dymoek's. 5/6. Good fun from start to finish. At times the author strains rather franti-. cally after humorous. effects, but he is to be forgiven, for on "the whole he suc ceeds. It is an impossible story of a fine young man who loves a fine young woman. Thete are two obstacles in the path to happiness. The first is that Dick, the fine young _ man, ; is poor; and the second Is that Barbara, the fine young woman, is married to a rotter. Both obstacles are overcome in original and dherting ways. "THE LEGACY OF ISRAEL," planned by the lute I. Abrahams and edited by Edwyn R. Be van and Charles Singer. With an intro- ductmion by the Master of Bal iol. Oxford ; Clarendon Press. Sydney: Angus and Rob ertson 10/. An addition to the "Legacy Series," in which have already appeared "The Legacy of Greece." "The Legacy of Rome," and "The Legacy of the Middle Ages." The present volume deals with those . elements that Western sivi- lisation has drawn from Israel through out the ages. It is recognised that the Jewish point of view was of great im portance in moulding the outlook of the early Christian centuries and of the mediaeval period. It is also shown that the Hebraic modes of thought have af fected almost every department of ac tivity in more modern times. The book is concerned with the history and character of Israel only in so far as these have determined Israel's gifts to the world; and thus the conception of a legacy is thrown into high relief. The book is fully .and beautifully illus trated. Many of the figures are unique, a number having been chosen as . throwing light on English social his tory. "EMPIRE SETTLEMENT." by Sir John A. R. Marriott. London, Oxford University Prnss; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 2/6. One of a new series of introductory volumes, designed to give the student who is undertaking a special study some idea of the landmarks which 'will guide him, and also to make provision for the great body of general readers who are interested in the terrific prob lem now facing England — what to .do with' a population which has outgrown the means of' subsistence; which is suffering from under-employment/de pressed trade, and consequent wide spread. distress. "THE LITERATURE OF THE ANCIENT ' EGYPTIANS." by Adolf Erman. Translat ed into English by Aylward M. Balckman| London, Methuen ; Sydney, Angus and Rob ertson. 21/. Here are the. poems, narratives, and manuals of . instruction produced by the Egyptians during the third and second millenia B.C. To the ordinary reader the book will be a' revelation and a delight, while for the expert it will ' be still another authoritative source of information. The poetry is translated from Pyramid texts as well as from the ancient writings. The very names of the narratives are enthrall ing — for instance, "The Quarrel of the Body and the Head." "A Ghost Story," "The Enchanted Prince." There are exhortations for schoolboys, actual let ters set as models for pupils, greetings to teachers and superiors, and moral warnings. Ample explanatory notes are provided. "CAPITAL AND LABOR," by W. Francis Lloyd and Bertram Austin. London, T. Fisher Unwin (Ernest -Benn, Ltd.), Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 4/6. Two earnest young men put them selves on the literary map of thought ful readers when they published "The Secret of High ' Wages." In this their later volume. their argu ments' In that volume were not as con vincing as they were entertaining. In this their later volume, their argu ments are a little more convincing, and a little less , original. Passage after passage is strongly reminiscent of Herbert N. Casson's "How to Make More Net Profit." That, however, may be merely a coincidence. One section of the book at least, al though breaking no new ground. Is lilceiy.to be of great importance to many heads of firms. That is the sec tion in which the author shows most .conclusively that firms which come to grief are very often ruined through divided control. "WHO'S WHO IN BURNS." by J. D. Ross, LL.D Stirling (Scotland), Eneas Mnclcay; Sydney, Dymoek's. ,,10/6. Dr. Ross, born in Edinburgh, and an ardent student of Robert Burns, has for many years been on the stair of the New York Public Library. This "Who's Who" of everybody directly or indirectly connected with the Scottish poet has been lovingly compiled by -Dr. Ross during a period of many years. Much of the information has been ob tained from the latest annotators and editors of the poet, and it is inter est- i. ingly presented. For all lovers of Burns the book will prove an ideal - .work of reference.. .u.. — "BLUE MURDER," by Edmund Snell. London, Fisher Unwin ; Sydn y Angus and Rob ertson 5/6. Not often nowadays is it possible for a writer of "thrillers" to provide his readers with a new and authentic thrill. There ia one in "Blue Murder." The uppish literary person had better steer clear of the book, or he will be intrigued into deserting, temporarily at least, . his favorite high -brow au thors. Mr. Suell is no high-brow. He sets out to amuse and thrill, and he does both. "The Lizard," the mysteri ous criminal who becomes possessed of a madman's. death-dealing invention, is an eery creation. "Blue Murder" i£ unlike most mystery stories, for the pleasurable task of guessing the real identity of "The Lizard", is genuinely difficult. If you will take the book and play fair — thai is, refrain from taking a peep at the end— the odds are ten to one that you will be mistaken in your guess, "THE MAGIC FORMULA-," by L. P. Jacks. New York and London, Harper and Brothers; Sydney, Dy moek's. 5s 6d. At first one is repelled by the smoothness — one might almost say the glibness — of the learned author's prose. Mr. L. P. Jacli3 is the editor of the Hibbert Journal, and that is a porten tous position for any writer of fiction to hold. Quickly; however, one is dis armed of all prejudice by the fan tastic charm, the humanness, the .fine craftsmanship, and the unfailing good humor of Mr. Jacks. In a delightfully frank preface, the author informs us that the stories in this volume are selected from a larger series, published in five volumes. They "were chosen for their human interest, and for an American audience. The stories are not concerned with any particular theory of human life, but only in depicting the strangeness of life. Mr. Jacks confesses that he has often been asked, the "meaning" of this or that strange story in the collection; to which question he has sometimes been obliged to return the answer that he does not know. -But the stories are too good ever to need explaining to literal-minded people, because ob viously they were intended for people who have not yet lost all sense of my stery in life, -- Of the twelve stories, the most won derful, in the most literal sense of the word, is "The Hole in the Water-skin." Here the author sets forth the mystical adventures of Abdulla, a water-seller of Damascus. Any reader possessed of imagination will be left a-gasp at the end of the tale, so cunningly inter woven are the possible and apparently impossible circumstances of the water- seller's existence. . "CHINA AND FOREIGN POWERS," by. Sir Frederick Whyte, K.C.S.I. London, Hum phrey Milford. 2/6. Published under the auspices of the Royal Institute of International Affairs, this broehuie sets forth illuminatingly the state of affairs' in China in 1927, as seen through British eyes. The absolute fairness of the method of pre sentation may be gauged by the fact that in the appendices are published, without comment, among other docu ments dating from 1793 to 1927, the ten points submitted by the Chinese delegation to the Washington Confer- . ence in 1921; a summary of Dr. Sun Yat Sen's doctrines; and the pro gramme of. the CantoneseV "THE ROAD OF EDUCATION," by Sir Lewis Amherst Selby-Bigge. K.C.B. London; Put nam; Sydney, Dymoek's. 7/6. Written authoritatively by ' the ermanent secretary of the Board of Education, from 1911 to 1925, this book will appeal to teach ers Interested in the British scheme of public instruction. The various pro blems are presented clearly, and the index makes easily available all the facts -of organisation, finance, inspec tion, and so forth, that are likely to interest pedagogical minds. "THE BUILDING SOCIETY MOVEMENT" by Harold Belman. London, Methuen; Syd- noy, Dymoek's. 3/6. Written by the general manager of the foremost London Building Society, the book, although small, for the first time provides an authoritative study of the history, scope, and procedure of building societies, not only in Great Britain, but in the Dominions and America. Very interesting to- Austra lians is the section dealing with build ing societies in our midst, particularly its destructive criticism of Starr-Bow- lcett societies, "EXERCISES FOR WOMEN," by Ettio A. Horl nibrook. London, William Holnemnnn (Medi cal Books), (Ltd.; Sydney, Dymoek's. 3/6. This book, which has the formal blessing .of several eminent medical authorities, is an abbreviated edition of the same writer's "Sex and Exercise." But all the essential exercises are fully explained and fully illustrated with photographs. The exercises, which are based on native dance movements, are specially designed to counteract the physical disabilities caused by wear ing tight corsets and high-heeled shoes, "NIGGER HEAVEN," by Carl Van Vechten. New York and Londcn, Alfred A. Knopf; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5s -6d. Carl Van Vechten is still another of the great American novelists who has achieved a cosmopolitan reputation be cause he is wise enough to be inten sely local, almost parochial, in all his work. Too little is known of him in this country, but his latest "novel to reach these shores will do much to make the percentage of our population that still reads books recognise him as a powerful member of the new school. All the members of the new school- are individuals, each with a style so com- . pletely his or her own that it seems anomalous to ca.ll them a group of writ ers. Yet they have certain common traits. They .do. not make plots as a Japanese fretworker makes puzzle- boxes. They, are never jguilty of mak ing well-rounded sentences for the sake of making well -rounded sentences;: They do. : not pretend, to themselves- or their readers that good stories must always be pleasant stories. In fine, they do not; attempt to force life to conform, to 'literature. They attempt to makliterature conform to life. And .very often , they , succeed, "Nigger Heaven" is a fascinating picture of negro life, as it is lived in Harlem, New York's noro colony. The author, who is credited with having revived American taste for "Spirituals" (those haunting traditional melodies known in Australia through the genius of Miss Edna Thomas), and who for four yeai's was music critic on the "New York Times," is also an authority on Harlem. "Nigger Heaven," which is his fifth novel, lias become a best seller in America, eleven editions hav- ing been printed since August last year. The actual story is veiy slight. A young "high yellow," to use the negro . slang phrase for a mulatto, has come to Harlem 'after winning his degree at the University of Pennsylvania. He wants to be a .writer, but has to be content with taking' a job as a lift boy. . Losing that job, he drifts into, the arms of a brilliant negress vam pire, who has 'made an immense for tune in queer ways.. She amuses her self" with him — and then throws him out of her life at the end of a few hectic days. That is a habit with her. But the young fellow, disillusioned and bitter, seeks revenge. The man wno has succeeded him he knows will come to a certain cabaret. There the re jected lover determines to shoot his rival. At the last moment another negro does the killing, but the "high yellow" is arrested. Thei'e- the book ends, abruptly hut satisfyingly. The story is as nothing compared with the sureness of the methods used to bring the characters, to life. ' The cabaret scenes, the intimate glimpses of negro "society," the awful longing of the educated colored people, to be accepted by whites simply as. human beings, the marvellous zest for living shown by negroes in all circumstances, are pre sented with an uncanny cleverness and without the /slightest flavor of patron age or condescending sympathy; All the bettor English novels now adays are coming from America, and not from England. "Nigger Heaven" is certainly one of the better novels. - .. " v \ - "CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH," by E. Keble Chat- terton. London, John Lane; Sydney, Dyraocjc's, &lt; 12/6. This is the second . volume of the "Golden Hind Series." The first vol ume, recently noticed in these colximns, dealt with Drake. Again we have a well-produced book, . authoritatively, written arid illusti-a ted. However di vergent may be historians' opinions concerning the chaiaeter of the sturdy old sea-rover, in this book ' all the available, matei'ial has been sifted, and a.' sympathetic, but not sentimental, portrait is given of the man who so in- defatigably served the Virginia colony. CARL VAN VECHTEN, 