 t 1 _ , . Books of To-day and To-morrow . : "THE HARD-BOILED VIRGIN," by Francos Newman. London, Martin Seeker; Sydney, Dymock's. 5/6. "Brilliant., . . an amazement and a delight," was the verdict of the Manchester "Guardian, " upon this ex traordinary novel. : Brilliant it is, with the brilliance of polished granite; .'' An amazement it will be to readers un used, to : the newer experiments in the novel-form ; but It can be; a delight only to. a few. For "there is not a line of dialogue in it from cover to ;cover. The sentences are of the portmanteau variety, reminiscent at times of James Joyce, and at; others of Gertrude Stein. But the story, for those who persist in readihg .lt,, is a singularly complete study of.; the reactions of .'an .American girl, reared in a conventional atmos phere, to ultra-modern ' influences. Katherine Faraday , had been taught that the whole duty of woman ' is to snare a presentable husband. Gradu ally she unlearns her family' lessons, and discovers . that there are more things in. a woman's life nowadays than were dreamt of in the nineteenth cen- ' tury. It is a ;book for sophisticated . readers ori'ty." , ' "ABOUT ENGLAND," by M. V. Hughes. With many black and white illustrations and a colored frontispiece. London, J; M. Dent; Sydney, Dymock's. 5/. A delightfully unconventional guide to-Epgland. The author pleads that England must be explored in a leisure ly way, even if only for a day,, and he hints that, instead of scurrying .through many famous places, more profit and greater enjoyment may be had by sel ecting some one thing for particular study. He has chapters, happily writ ten, yet full of " sound knowledge, on English weather; on some of the con querors of England, including the Romans, . the Germans, the Saxons, the Italians; the Dutch, the Jews, and the Greeks— and he shows very clearly that a country may be conquered in other ways beside by force of arms; on Eng lish scenery, London pride, familiar figures, from the policeman to the cat's-meat man, streets and shops, inns, villages; pilgrimages, ancient, modern, and literary. He discusses with humor and erudition the "nation of shopkeepers," their fairs and markets, farm workers, wool and cotton, "coal, the hunt, and the men who go down to the sea in ships. He: has also a sec tion devoted to some English peculi arities. He Is most entertaining when writing of English crazes in education, of "The Times" and "Punch," of spprt, legal and governmental oddities, and — here he seizes his chance to teil some rattling good anecdotes — of the na tional taste in jests. > ' "AMATEURS AFLOAT," by H. Ian Maclver. London, Martin Hopkinson ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 12/6. A book for yachtsmen, and every amateur interested In craft, large and small, whether driven by steam, motor, . or sail. The author's adventures in -all sorts and conditions Of sea- vessel make lively reading. The book is well illusr trated with numerous photographs. "LYRICS/ AND LYRICAL PROSE," by Agnes Littjejohn. .Illustrated, by Albert Collins . and H M. Burton. . Sydney, Edwards, Dun- lop, Ltd. " " Beautifull printed,, the letterpress and illustrations of— this innocuous booklet exactly . fit . each other. That Is to. say, the vers&lt;f and lyrical, prose ara pretty-pretty, and so are - the illustra tions. In the verse all the -good old al bum phrases are giving service again. We meet "little wavelets," the rose whose "perfhme rare perfumes the' air",; again we are tickled by the "zephyr's perfumed breath," and ' our eyes are gladdened by " "dewdrops on the grass like diamonds." There are "white-capp'd waves" and. "white- ying'd gulls" — in fine, you have but to think of any ancient and hard-worked poetical phrase, and, you. are almost certain to find it, neatly used in one or other of these poems. The second half of the booklet Is devoted to fairy stories and descriptive sketches. 1 "THE VEIL OF ISLAM," by Xi. Noel. Lon don, Stanley Paul; Sydney, Dymock's. 2/6. Chalice Dean's adventures in Morocco will thrill— readers who en joyed "The Caid." . The glamor of life in the East develops In Chalice a dual nature. She discovers that under her usually austere, surface lies something alien and primitive. Fate guides her footsteps to Fez, and there she meets Caid Moulay Defrou, who many years before had suffered through her father having abducted the Caid's affianced bride. His long-cherished' revenge in volves Chalice in dangerous adventures, from which she is delivered by the timely appearance of her lover, who had followed hereto Morocco after fail ing to win her love in- England. Chalice would have missed much good, fun if she had accepted, him in the first place. . : "MEANWHILE, THE PICTURE OF A LADY," .by H. G.. Wolls. London, Ernest Benn; Sydney, Angus - and Robertson. 5/6., |A.CH succeeding book of H. G. Wells provokes- little-minded people into squealing; their formula — "Oo, .look what he says about Lord Figurehead, and Lady Blanlcbrain, and the Hon. Wrunning Downhill." They forget, or do not want to remember, that ever since books have been written, promin ent figures in the political and social worlds have been, fair game for scrib blers great and small. And Wells Is undoubtedly one of the great scrib blers. If he were not/ his enemies would not be at such pains to belittle, him. -The real fault of_his new book Is not that in it he has savagely said his say about such men as Baldwin and Winston Churchill, and their conduct during the great strike, but that he has ben unable to prevent clear signs of the garrulity of approaching old age from creeping into many of his pages. His characters talk and talk and talk, and very often what they say could be said more forcefully in half the space. This may sound like blasphemy to the immense army of Wells's de votees. For them, a Wells book is a Wells - book, and therefore is sacro sanct. Put for the average reader of novels, we are afraid there will be. many yawnsome ..moments in "Mean-, while," which, after all. is a treatise, forced into the shape of a modern . novel, on the present condition of Eng land.. "THE BARBURY \yiTCH," by Anthony Rich ardson. London, Constable; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6. A terrible old woman, locally known as "The Barbury Witch," lives in a house on the Wiltshire Downs with her two grown-up daughters. Her son ar rives on a visit, and- he -is compelled to realise that his mother is poisoning the lives of his two sisters by her self ish domination. She even interferes with their chances of marriage. In the end, In order to free his sisters, he has to commit what is virtually murder. A grim story, well told. "DUE RECKONING," by Stephen M'Kcnn%; London, Thornton Butterworth ; Sydney/ .; Angus and Robertson. 5/6. This is the last volume in the tri- logy, of "The Realists.'' Ambrose, thai English Mussolini. Auriol his wife, Max; her would-be lover, Laura, Ambrose's1 mistress, and all their satellites, ard an unsatisfactory constellation of char., . acters. They take themselves and their love-affairs far too seriously. They! talk splendidly, especially of their, - honor, but in the eyes of plain Austral, ians they can appear only . as thd decadent grandees of a decadent social' order. There is an interesting reference, to Australia, by the way, in one of "the pronouncements of Ambrose. He says; "I feel sorry for Australia.- She's tool far away to have any great future, uri less, of course, you found enough' oil to make her a self-supporting Indus trial country. Otherwise she must re volve in the orbit of this country or America or Japan." There is something of deathly smugness about the way! these overseas novelists pronounce . Judgment on Australia. ... So one :ca$'- imagine the ancient Romans negligent ly proclaiming that that . little colony of theirs, Britain to wit, could never , be great, because the barbarians who! lived there had not in them the Em pire-building spirit. "THE THUNDERER," by E. Barrington. Loui don, Harrap ; Sydney, Dymock's. 6/, Mrs. Barrington has added to her; list of fine historical novels this one, in which shesets forth the romance Of Napoleon and Josephine, Here and there the narrative is just a little overloaded with historical details,' but' her power of imaginatively reconstruct - ing scenes in which, famous people move and speak convincingly is AO great as ever. . ' . ' "ZABA," by Ethel Knight Kelly. London, jolih. . Lane ; Sydney, Dymock's . 5/6. Arnold Denistoun is depicted as - 6j man of the world,' a clever diplomat; and well versed in social amenities yet, after falling in love and marrying . Zara, an attractive and intelligent girl,- he treats her with the cold . courtesy, of a brother. Being a normal girL Zara resents the inexplicable conduct- of her bridegroom, and decides to spend, the rest -of the honeymoon alone, td - which arrangement the obliging Arn old cheerfully agrees. Travelling through Italy she encounters a fascl. nating Capitano, and. when just about to stray from the path of virtue sud denly reverts to the inflexible traditional . of honor, in which she has been reared She returns to Trieste, and meets a£. metamorphosed husband, and the two start off joyously on their belated honeymoon. By this time the reader will be glad to hear the last of thO exasperating pair. "DEVOTION," by Juliet. Melbourne, Edwaii A. Vidler.; Sydney, Dymock's and Angug and Robertson. Readers who enjoy. Annie Swan'ai novels will welcome this narrative of life on an outback station.. The milk- and-water people in it lead a mllk-and- water existence, and even when pas sion stirs them,1 it stirs them only to' lukewarmness. Robert Oldham, , tho squatter's son, finds the lure of thA city and his interest in . engineering sufficient to bring him to Melbourne He forms a milk-and-water attachment -" with, a colorless sort of girl. They marry. His wife has her girl chum to live with them,- and Robert and' thO visitor begin to throw sheep's eye# at each other. Nothing exciting/hap ; pens, and everything ends "as it be gan — in lukewarmness.' Books in Demand FICTION. "Jew Suss," by Lloo Feuclilwanger (9/). ' "Meanwhile," by H. G. Wells (5/6). "The Immortal Marriage," by Gert rude Atherton (5/6). "Rubies," by Louis Morosby (5/6). "The Old Countoss,"by Anne Douglas Sedgwick (5/6). "The ' Flying Kestrel," by Captain Dingle (5/6). "Due -Reckoning," by Stephen M'Konna (5/(5). GENERAL LITERATURE, "On the Edge of. tho. East," by F. Horace Rose (6/). "The Truth About Jutland," by Ad miral Harper (6/6). "To-day and To-morrow," by J. H. . Curie. (6/). " - "Wild Animals of Australasia," by A, S. Le Souef, and Harry Burrell (30/). "In Savage Australia," by Knut Dahl. (26/), ."Aloysius Horn," edited by Ethelreda Lewis (10/). H. G. WELLS. STEPHEN M'KENNA. . 