 BOOKS OF TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW "HABOUN OF LONDON," by Katharine Tynan. Louden, . Collins ; Sydney, Moore's Book Shop. 5/6. . Although the sentiment of this mod ern Arabian Nights story at times bor ders upon sentimentality, It Is so honest of purpose as to startle even a hardened book-taster into artention. Mr. Piatt, the very rich gentleman who goes about; doing good to all sorts of unlikely people, is such a very good gentleman that one suspects now and then that he is too good to be true. Still, if a few rich men happen to read the book, and, after bursting Into- tears, decide to mend their wuys, and promptly begin distributing largesse on the grand scale, the novel will not have been written in vain.: "SCOUTING IN THE DESEKT," by Everett T. Tomlinson. New York, D. Appleion and Co.; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6.- A queer mixture of fiction and his tory. In order to tell the history of. the American attempts to lay Pancho Villa by the heels, the author creates two boy characters, and they, of course, are in the thick of every ad venture. A boy's book. "INASMUCH. THE STOBY OP THE POLICE COURT MISSION, 1876-1026," by J. Haa- loch Potter, with Forewords by the Lord Bishop of London, and Bt. Hon. Viscount Cave. Lord Chancellor. - In ;1926, the English Police -Court Mission celebrated, its jubilee. Fifty years ago the Church .of . England launched the mission, on the strength of a contribution of five shillings from; a printer. Last year £54,000 were spent keeping the missioners in 400 police courts all over England. .. This book is wisely and, on occasion, hu morously written by one of the oldest and most experienced friends of the movement "THE LONG SHADOW," by Henry Wilton Thomas. London, Methuen Sydney, . Abt gus and Robertson. 5/6. A chase for a missing heiress- which leads the reader through picturesque Italian highways and byways. Like the. man's face disguised in the puzzle landscape, the heiress is in the picture all the time, to be duly discovered at the proper moment. THE DAYS AND DEEDS OF DRAKE. "SIR FRANCIS DRAKE," by E. F. Benson. . London : John Lane. English price. 12/6. This is the" sumptuously produced first volume of a new sexies designed to preseni «n u form suitable for the general reader the lives of the great explorers. One would think that this ground had been too often worked over by a host of literary workers, but if the remainder of the series is up to the level of Mr. Benson's "Drake," a large public will be interested. For the volume presents a full-length portrait in words of Drake and his adventures, with vitally significant details filled in that hitherto have been only available to historians and scholars. The editor of the series is Mr. Milton Waldman, and a few words from his introduction are well worth quoting: — "It Is not claimed that all the heroes of the biographies in this series, were martyrs; it is admitted that none of them were saints.. But all of them possessed ... in superlative degree that passion, of curiosity, fortified by bound less courage, without which men would not set themselves moving into the un known and dangerous places of the world." -The book is made more valuable by numerous illustrations, . a- bibliography, and a very carefully compiled index. "NORTHWARD BOUND," by Rosina Phillippi. ..London, Cassell; Sydney Angus and Rob ertson. 5/6. Very hard to decide is just what Miss Phillippi is aiming at. Either her intention is to satirise modern man ners and liberties, or else 'she is argn- ing for greater freedom still. The plot . 'of her novel is full of magnificent possibilities, but; it has been -handled apparently by an amateur who believes that a - literary pose of sentimental utoconventionality can -masquerade- as. stark ' realism. Parts of the . book show distinct1 - promise, but. many pages are mushier than E. Temple Thurston's mpshiest. "PASSION OF HEARTS," by Draycott M. Dell. . London, Milla and Boon ; SydOey, . Angus and Robertson, 5/6. The' Quartier Latin— a clergyman's . daughter— a- night of carnival— and, ah! it "was all 'delightfully wicked. TOf course, there -are consequences which are dealt with at : luxurious . length throughout the remainder of the book, even to the punishing of -the- bad, bad man. But it's all lemon syrup, with a dash of bitters, to mafce. H -seem like a genuine cocktail. ' . ,, s V j 5." ii S a Sji KJJ l 3 » v. f2 CURRENT FICTION. "OIL," by Upton Sinclair.: Published , by the- author,. Long Beach, California ; Sydney, M'Namara's Bookshop. , 11/. ' ; , - ' It is a long time since -Upton ; Sin clair " captured the - public with- .'.'The 'Jungle," "and since, that- time he has steadily worked, his way out of the position of a best-seller in order to promulgate strange' brands of Social ism, dietetics, aesthetics, and a host of isms that he seems to have dropped almost as fast as he adopted them. But he has at last come back to the Sinclair who. promised to . be a great novelist. "Oil!" considered, as a novel and not as a piece of propaganda, is a greater -work than "The Jungle." There is a breadth of vision in it and a tolerance even of the hated capital ists that were missing from the earlier novel. In its 500 and more pages, the central figures are an oil magnate and his son. The methods by; which oil fields are exploited are mercilessly ex posed, and if the half - of what Sin clair asserts- is true, then- the motor cars and aeroplanes of the world are being run not so -much on olj as with blood. There appear " also financiers and Soviet agents, queer, religious, fanatics. Socialist agitators, the evilly pampered sons and; daughters of --mil lionaires, and a very lovable revolu tionary — a young fellow named .Paul, who, rather strangely, is the closest friend of the oil magnate's son. ' . . Translations of this novel are now being made in Russia, France, .Ger many, Holland, Sweden, Czecho-Slova- kia, and Japan.- "LIFE'S WHAT YOU MAKE IT/' by Rosemary "Rees. London, Herbert Jenkins; Sydney, Angus and Robertson.: 5/6. .- Those of us who knew Rosemary Rees while she was resident in Aus tralia know her to be a sweet-natured woman incapable of writing a line that would offend anybody. Now that she has settled in .London she seems- to have deserted the stage in order to give her time, seriously to the busi-/ Hess of the novelist. Her latest pro duction in some respects closely re- - sembles-her earlier work. . The . scene is again " New Zealand; ; again there Is a charming English heroine; again 'there is a gentle mystery and a love story as wholesome as morning dew. But this time there is some attempt at- an underlying philosophy of living— a- '.very sweet philosophy, which Is summed up in the title. 1 J!.4 .1 1 till. n - 1 III 1 "TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW SERIES": "Socrates, or the Emancipation of Man kind," by H. F. Carl 111 ; "The Danco of Civa," by 'Collum." London. Kegan ; Paul ; Sydney, M'Namara's Bookshop. , 2/6 . each Two notable - additions' to the series already extensively noticed in these columns. "Socrates" sets -out the new view of the nature of man. to which the trend of modern psychology, an thropology, and evolutionary theory has led. It shows the important con sequences to human behaviour and ef ficiency which are bound to follow, and maintains that man is at last con scious of his power to control bis bio logical inheritance. . The second volume ("The Dance of Civa") is a . striking essay, in which the thought. of East and West -is con trasted. It argues that the hour has arrived for the West to acknowledge . that from the East nay be learnt - the underlying unity, .of phenomena- By such acknowledgment -will be swept away the phantom barriers and con ventional categories of Western thought which "have caused .so much baseless jealousy, and misunderstand- Ing. - ''THE SEVENTH TIME," by T. K. Pennlman. London, Methuen ;. Sydney, Dymock's. 5/|. The task of choosing between a feebly vicious and an utterly unreli able husband and- a lover whose, strength and honesty- shine like a bea con light, would .seem simple to most modern women. But to Ellen Rose ;it presents great difficulties. Mr. Pennl man writes with humor -and insight of Ellen's New England folk, and with refreshing skill displays . some of the workings of that .J>eculiar . ethical phenomenon — the New England con science. . "THE INTERNATIONAL GOMMONWEAI/TH IN ITS RELATION TO THE LEAGUE OT NATIONS. TO NATIONALITY, AND T( PARTY POLITICS.' by R. Gordon Milbucn 1 - London, Williams ana Norgato. 8/6. Five lectures for the use of speakers The key idea, is that of - the;. Interna tional Commonwealth, and the author lays down the preliminary dictum that the Old Order will soon crash. . He is no Communist, but he believes . in - the possibilities' of the League as a sort of preparatory agent for universal socialism, of. a special brand which he wtfu- FICTION. ".Tew Suss" (Lion Feuchtwanger). . : "The Case of Bevan Yorke" (W. B. Maxwell). "The Drums of Aulone" (B. W. Cham bers). "The Magic Garden" &lt;G. S. Porter). "Elmer Gantry" (Sinclair Lewis). "The Small Bachelor" (P. G. Wode- houst). GENERAL LITERATURE. "On the Edge of the East" (F. IL Rose). "My Story" (La Belle .Otero). "Encounters" (B. Ifor Evans). . "Through a Land of Promise" (Michael Terry). "To, -day and To-morrow" (J. H. Curie). "Those 'Ashes' " (M. A. Noble). E. F. BENSON. . > , .. .... J" ' . . . 11 v . 1 : -ROSEMARY REES. 