 BOOKS OF TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW o "THE ABSOLUTE AT LARGE," by . Karel Capck. Loudon, Macmlllao ; Sydney; An gus and Robertson. 5/6. The great Czech novelist and play wright, chiefly known to Britishers through his (and his brother's) plays', "R.U.R." and "The Insect Play," and his whimsical "Letters from England,"' has, in his latest translated work, quite over-reached himself. Having taken a theme staggering in its Import, he has improvised upon it a novel that is really a thing of shreds and patches. His artlessness is always the art that, conceals art; but on this occasion his artlessness is pushed to the extreme, where it becomes suspiciously like fumbling. Nevertheless,- the book has : the marks of genius clearly stamped upon it, and several chapters possess a strange beauty that forces trie rea der to rerread them. What would happen if the Absolute . were let loose in the world? That is the terrific question which "Capek has set his imagination and his reason to answer. As in his. novel,, "Krakatit," his chief character is an inventor who has realised the dream of a long suc cession of inventors.' He invents a: machine for the complete utilisation of atomic energy. Even schoolboys nowa days have heard of the frightful amount of latent energy that is im prisoned in a , handful of matter. Capelc's inventor discovers a means of releasing this energy — with direful and unlooked-for consequences. He has not reckoned upon the Absolute that, ac cording to pantheistic theories, all mat ter contains. If you are a materialist, you Immediately think of imprisoned force, but If you are mystically in clined you are more likely to think of the omnipresence of God, who must therefore be present in all matter and In every particle of matter. . The unfortunate result of manufac turing "Karburators," the ' machines which utilise atomic energy, is that a by-product is also manufactured. That by-product is the Absolute. Everyone coming within the circle of its Influ ence becomes ultra- pious. "Conver sions" occur in tens of thousands. But they are strictly national conversions.. Chinese who have been rather neglect ful of Buddha become ardent Budd hists; Christians who have been rather neglectful of the Christian God become fanatical Christians; Mohammedans who were only nominally Mohamme dans become active and bellicose fol lowers of their Prophet; and so on, throughout the world. To make con fusion worse confounded, the various sects within each of the great reli gions ' begin to fight for the exclusive theological right to the Absolute. Soon a . world- war, on a scale never dreamt of before; is in progress, and year after year it drags on until there are only thirteen soldiers left, each soldier a representative of a . different army. What happens to "those thirteen tired soldiers would be hardly fair to tell; as also the climax, which is a masterly, stroke of satire Yet do not come to this novel expecting it to be a mere satire on religion. Capelt's heart and mind are too big for satire only; he, too, In his turn, formulates a credo,1 and It may be' stated in a phrase- — the world win .remain what It Is until men begin to believe in each other. . "SOVIET UNION TEAR-BOOK, 1627." Com plied and edited by A. A. Santalov and Louis _Seffal, Ph.D., M,A. . London, George Allennnd Unwin; Sydney, Dymoclc's. 7/6. As the London "Financial .News" said of last year's edition of the "Soviet Year Boole." "We recommend it to every, business man, student, politician, and author interested in Russian af fairs." It is veritably a mine of in terfering and useful facts and figures. This, is the third year of publication, and the present edition contains a great deal of entirely new material, as well "as additions to the original chapters. AH the information has been brought up' to date, and the latest maps of the Union of Socialist Soviet Republics, in which all recent changes have been embodied, are included. The main divisions of the book fall under the headings' of ''Political Organisa tion," "Foreign Relations," "Economic Development," "Agriculture" (in which some amazing figures are given as to the output of wines, tea, fruit, . live stock, butter, eggs, wool, fur, bristles, silk, forests, fish, bees, and game), "Mineral Resources and Industry," "Concessions," "The Co-operative Movement," "Transport," "Internal and Foreign Trade," 'Finance," Labor." "Education," and "Legal." "BABYLON AND CANDLE LIGHT," by Gor man Davey. London, Chapman and Hall; Sydney Dymock's. 5/6. When » newspaper proprietor lets loose one of his star men on a "stunt," everything Is likely to go" according to. schedule, provided that the "stunt" is not a treasure hunt. Then things hap pen. Otherwise the stunt would fall flat, and a . popu'ar novelist would be deprived of an idea. The popular novelist in, this instance is Mr. Norman Davey, and. although he is far from being a best seller, his new novel seems to be a desperate bid for sal.es. And sales it will have, although as "a work of literary art' it is not on the same high level as his earlier books. A weirder collection of characters could hardly be found gathered to gether within the pages of any novel. Regular pirates stand cheek by jowl with a fascinating dancer, a school master, an Earl, and a great rarity — 'a perfectly beastly newspaper man. Their adventures in search of a mythi cal treasure make an extravagant story spiced with witty dialogue and an un usual assortment of objurgations and expletives. A "THE JPLAN Olf THE EDUCATIONAL COLO NIES ASSOCIATIONS OF GREAT BRI TAIN AND INDIA." by J. W. Petavel. This book is the substance of a series of lectures delivered in the Universities of Calcutta, Madras, and Dacca. The Educational Colonies' - Association has been encouraged in its work by such luminaries as Lord Haldane,. Rt. Hon. David Lloyd Georgfe, Dr. Rabindranath Tagore, Sir Horace Plunkett, and many others. The author sets - forth In de tail what Is said to be the orilv plan that has been put forward, with the approval of eminent authorities in dif ferent parts of the world, to deal at once with certain forms of unemploy ment, and Jo lead in the direction of the -solution of the whole problem of unemployment. America is taken as the exemplar among nations, and the book purports to show the rest of the world how the. rest of the world may share America's prosperity. : , "UNDELIVERED LETTERS," by Cosmo Hamil ton. London, Hurst and Blackett; Sydney. Dymock's. 5/6. Cosmo Hamilton would still be fam ous, even if he were not the brother of Sir Phillip Gibbs, for all his novels, though a fair proportion of them are obviously pot-boil.ers, . contain a cer tain quality of smartness and: uncon- ventionality which sets them apart from the. deluge of slush that pours, from the pres ses. . . . " Hamilton novel , is in the familiar form of . undeliv ered . ..letters— which, we re member, is a de vice used man ' times" by sundry- novelists. / who have- flourished during the lasi quarter of a century. The un delivered letters in this instance are ; written by an American wife to her Eng lish — husband. She . has found . very difficult the task- oi penetrating his British reserve, and . Jxer . letters were intended to bring him closer to her In mind and spirit. But there was no need: to deliver them, because iri the end he confesses that, all their misunderstandings, their misery, their ; nearness to marital shipwreck, . were brought about by his not being able , to talk, by his British inability to say things. Naturally, after that, he and she fall into each, other's arms, and live happily for (at least) a consider able time afterwards. "SHOW BOAT," by Edna Ferber. JiOrdoa Holncmann; Sydney. Dymock's. 5/6. -Edna Ferber's "So Big" was a good novel. "Show Boat" is a better novel. There are In it a- keener sense of char acterisation; a subtler feeling for ver bal effects, ' and a wholehearted joy &lt;n the mere telling of the tale. The caio ' 1 /H# A 1% — v Ml., . 0 vuc BUb W . folks who used to t r a v e 1 dp arid, down the spine of that river-serpens, the Mississippi it is the life history of . Magnolia, tiia daugh ter of a. backwoods .eaon- .. er, spinsterish m mind and body, who had at long last married a funny little man with French b'ontf, in his veins. Mag nolia is their daughter in the flesh.' but in snirit she Is .the daughter of dim ancestors, who urge her to ways unknown either to her father or . her mother; Next to "Huckleberry Finn." no story has ever been written sc full of the magic of the great river so crammed with the very souls of Mis sissippi people. Magnolia's marriage to Gay lord Ra venal, the birth, growth, and education of their son and dausrh- ' ter, the- fate of Rayenal and .the fate of Magnolia,- make a story wnich for gaiety', verve, sharpness of characteri sation, and brilliance of description has not "been equalled this year. "THE BOOK OF PORCELAIN." by Adalbert Zoellner. Translated from the German by Mnrlel Mackenzie Morrow. London. Mo- thuen ; Sydney. Angus and Robertson. 6/, A delightful book of essays on cera mics, not overloaded with the tradi tional burdensome learning of German books, but invested with the charm, that always goes with enthusiasm. Whether the author is telling the le gendary story of .some priceless piece cf China, or indulging his delicate fancies concerning porcelain Harle quins; Columbines,, figurines, women, lamps, or plates, he is always provoca tive, and always' (what Is perhaps better) obviously sure of his facts. "A SHORT HISTORY OF PHYSICS,'.' by h. Buckley. London, Mothucn; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. T/6. The author is honorary secretary of the National' Illumination Committee of Great Britain and assistant in the Photometry Division of the National Physical Laboratory. The book is prepared strictly for scientific readers. The development 'of our present-day knowledge of physics Is here dealt with. . from the evolutionary or historical standpoint. .. An attempt has been - made to illustrate its most important phases by means of extracts from the classics of the literature of science. The treatment is general rather than particular, so that, without loss in ac curacy or scientific spirit, it may -yet appeal to those readers who, while interested in physics, have not spec ialised in the subject. - "THE SENIOR PARTNER," by W. E. Graham, Brisbane, Watson, Ferguson and Co., Ltd. Extraordinary the number of books and booklets which have lately poured- . from English and Colonial- presses, professing to solve various great eco nomic problems. This well-written booklet is described as a study of capital and the capitalistic system. The author pleads- for no new system." no economic re volution, but for a refurbishing of the present system. Instantly he puts himself out of court, so far as Com munists. Socialists, and even Libe- . rals. are concerned. But . to those who still have a sneaking sus picion that our present civilisation is not at its last gasp, his ar guments will appeal strongly. In brief, he argues that there Is no need to wait for a complete change of hu man nature In order to bring Utopia nearer: the job of each one of us is. here, and now to find what we can do, and to do it with all the forco within us. Willing service, he pro claims, brings just reward. Whether he is right or wrong, is a problem that depends for its answer on the personal point of view of each man. A success ful man will say, "Right"; the un successful man will say, "Wrong." fiction. - "Sweepings," by Lester Cohen. "Jew Suss," by Lion Feuchtwangei. "Rubles," by Louis Moresby. "The Old Countess," by A. D. Sodg- ' wick. "Now EastjNow West," by Susan Eriz. "The Case of Bevan Yorke," by W. B. . Maxwell. . "Show Boat," by Edna Ferber. general literature. "Revolt it tbe Desert," by Col. T. E. Lawrence "Through a «and of Promise," by Michael Terry. "Those Ashes," by M. A. Noblo. "Further Nonsense," by Lewis Carroll. "To-day and To-morrow," by J. H. Curio. - "My Story," by La. Belle Otero. KAREL CAPEK. . Cosmo Hamilton. Edna Ferber. At the Royal Art Society's Annual Exhibition. — "After Rain, ® , by D. G. Reid- 1 &lt; > . ; 1 .» A ir X v . Lv , , ' »>/» rf 