 BOOKS OF TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW "COME AND LISTEN," by E. Temple Tluirstpn. London, Putnam's; Sydney, Dyinocks, 7/6. Having covered a wide field of medi tative novels, descriptive tomes, and other readable delicacies, this author has a shot at chronicling1 some of the legends ot the race in whimsical vein. "Come and Listen" is an attractive gift-book with comely dust jacket. Its pages are evidently prepared for chil dren between six and sixty, though it will mostly be the grown-up ones who will revel in this merry mythology. The trick of the fare is to tack some modern touch to the ancient stories. Elisha is thus offered a glass of lemonade and a bun; while Samson joins Delilah at afternoon tea. It is a. nice habit, this modernising the venerable stories. Professor Er- skme did it neatly in connection with. 'Helen of Troy with the Anthurian idylls; and here Thurston . performs - similar conjuring with such diverse persons as Pandora and Naaman, Lady Godiva and Joan of Arc. Numerous line illustrations by Flora C. TwTort a.dd to the book's charm. In these days, when pictures have disappeared from many popular books, it is plea sant to find such graphic aids to the understanding of the tale. 'THROUGH ANOTHER GATE," by Roy Bridges. London, Hutchinson ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6. Mystery yarns are now enjoying great vogue. As a famous woman novelist recently said, everyone loves a good murder. This Bridges book - runs true to "mystery" form, though it does not copy the old trick of making each character in turn come under suspicion, only to show at the close that the crime was committed by the one person whom nobody suspected. Much is made of atmosphere by the . author. The reader's flesh begins to creep long- before the' actual horror happens. And throughout the grim plot a feeling of high nervous tension is maintained. Even at the end. there is only a slight relaxation. "Through Another Gate" is an appetising snack for a holiday-maker hungry for ad venturous fare. "HOME: A NEW ZEALANDER'S ADVEN- . TURE," by Alan Mulyau.- London, Long- Man's Green ; Sydney, Angus and Robert son. 7/6. The prefatory note, by J. C. Squire; makes quite clear that Englishmen un tainted by the newer politicial theories j will welcome this volume as almost the first book written, by a twentieth cen tury "Colonial" who is wholly sym pathetic., to the Homeland. "Colonials" (the word preferred by the author to '(Australians" or "New Zealanders") will themselves read this book-: with keen pleasure and a proper apprecia tion. The word-pictures of the- Eng lish countryside are exquisitely well done, and the author's outlook upon English, institutions, English failings, and English aspirations is so mani festly sane that we of the Antipodes who have never had the good fortune to visit Home would do .well to take the book to our bosoms. 