 t VJiXUfl A t JUJiiM Books of To-day and To-morrow "TIIE LOVELY SHIP," by Storm. Jameson. (London, Helnemann; S'ydney.- Dymock's.- 5/6). Miss: Storm Jameson, who Is really Mrsi Guy. Chapman, and a co-managing . director of- a London publishing -firm,. comes of a family, whose history is . allied with that of the shipbuilding Inr . dustry for which" Whitby, : where she was born, was -famous in the sailing- ship days. Having taken a first-class honors degree in English literature at Leeds University, she has successively been in London a student of modern European drama, a copy-write, in an . advertising agency, subeditor of a weekly paper, and a novelist:. " Of the : five novels to her credit, "The -Lovely: Ship" Is the finest. May Hansylce, the heroine, is a delightful . creation. She , belongs to the .-Victorian age, , but she . lives to- see men fly.. Her chief pas- . sion In life is to- build ships, although- for. -a time she believes- that all the best of her life is centred in a .man. Crammed with characters vividly drawn, the book is at once a fascinat- - ing story of the rise of- a great ship building firm and a commanding study : of a woman's mind and heart.. - "THE BRAT," by E. J. Bath (New York, G. Howard Watt; Sydney, Dymock's) . 5/6. Do not look for problems and pessi mism in this sunny story. Most of us have read and enjoyed in leisure hours Mr. Rath's other novels, and this is as good as the others. , Mame Brundage (the Brat) is A wistful . little woman with a philosophy of her own. and an uncannily clever vvay . of managing other people' affairs. The farm where Mame lived was visited by several people whose lives, were to be affected by the Brat,- and everyone, of them benefited by her interference. "THE HARVEST OP THE YEARS." by Luther Burbank. with Wilbur. . Hall. -Uluatrated. Boston and New York, Houghton; -Mifflin Co. ;, Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 15/;. . , To call Luther Burbank a Bolshevist will appear to the shallow-minded An insult; to. those" . who know and love his person ality and his work it will ap pear as the best of compliments. For Burbank. is the real Bol shevist. The un-. real Bolshevist is the political- dreamer who . commits the old error exposed by Thomas Carlyle, who once and for all time de- / monstrated that nations- cannot .be regenerated by Act of Par- liament, or (in more , modern : pbraseo- . logy) cannot be redeemed by. either. Soviets or- sovereigns. Luther- Burr - bank was a true Bolshevik, because he believed In sticking to facts. ' The world is what it is because it does not stick to facts. Burbank thought nothing of conducting; 25,000. experi ments in order to produce one new fact— a beautiful flower of a fine fruit. Not for one moment would be desert . realities. If, In the process of present ing, the world with a more succulent ; tomato, an edible cactus,, or a gorgeous _ daisy, he had to destroy (literally) . millions of "lesser, brethren/' - that (like a true Bolshevist) was merely assiting the natural law of the sur vival of the fittest. Having lived all his colorful life among plants, having wreaked his will upon trees,, shrubs, fruits, and . flowers in so godlike a way that he had creat ed innumerable new varieties, he did the unusual :_thingrr-ap befits -a- genius. Instead of . generalising- -first, he . per formed first— and generalised -at: long, last. Not long before his -death, there-? fore, he- expressed ?himself as impatient with education and religion. : ; -..v.v ' "DECADENCE,'' : by - Maxim Gorki. - Translated by - Veronica - Scotf-Gatty. London, Cassdl ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6. The deceptive air of simplicity about the great Russian - novelists is akin to the possible air of giants when, they crush " mortals ' In their Slow stride. Maxim Gorki is assuredly Worthy of a place among the literary gian ts of Russia, and in "Decadence," translated . by the same- hand that turned "Re miniscences of My Youth" into English, we have a novel that may be -placed be- . side; -Tolstoy'S; "Resurrection" -.or?- "Anna Kerenina';" v. There 'is the Same -patient yet : -lively:? piling :.up of innumerable minor incidents and - characters: until a vast .verbal rpielxicehasAeenrawn. The story exteHds tlroughrhalf a cen tury, from'thetiinejef the remancipation ? 6f -4:he.-:Russian peaJmntsfjfrom,. "serfdom until' the reyolutlon in 1913." A.-peasant named -Artamonov;'via ->widoW:er..- with : three; childrqn; ;founds->a . faptoryin the town1;of:Dryomov.-,The.faxnily:b'ecomei; ;a:power.'iniihe districti With; all his Wealth Artamonov is. an unhappy man. He cannot understand ' the-; gigantic social changes;'! that are taking: place around himu In the end -he and his family lose everything in- the abyss of the revolution,.. Hut he is left savagely rebelling against his . poverty, utterly unable to realise that the forces thai- have ruined him cannot be fought by an individual. - - "WAR . BIRDS," ' the. Diary or an Dnknown Aviator. Illustrated by Clayton Knight. Nfew York, George H. Doran Co.; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 10/6. VERY difficult to believe is the Impli cation in athe sub-title. If this American aviator is unknown, how is it that . so many of his .mates are named? What of the boat (mentioned on the first page), in which he came "over there"?: ; r Perhaps we are . simply revealing our dullness in asking such questions. Fic tion or fact, here is embalmed - a gal lant personality, a soul lifted by.-, war above all meannesses. Hats off, gen tlemen: — not to a genius, but to. a hero. He . fought Huns, and respected ' them; he killed Hun aviators in much the same spirit as a pigeon-shooter niiio pifyCUllO f lit! IvwUflXXIOCU -iiUI? .lUblltb/ of war, and yet he stuck to his job — of killing his fellow men— because in the universal mental fog of the time he could not see what better to do; he makes no secret of the fact that morality, in the war zones and out of -them, broke &lt; down almost completely; and ' repeatedly he hints that the breaking-down of old-fashioned moral ity, or the code nominally accepted as morality, was almost an excuse fdr the war. ' . ' . On second thoughts, this volume cannot possibly be fiction. It is almost certainly fact disguised as fiction. The unknown aviator is as real an entity as the Unknown Soldier. Another point in this amazing book that makes-it irresistible .is the un ashamed admiration of the Yankee author for -the British. Again and again he makes entries in his diary that show his firm faith In. the special spiritual quality - which has made us Britishers the greatest, most blunder ing, most hated,' most 'beloved nation this earth has ever known. And how marvellously fair-minded he is! - Consider, : -In. conolusion, "before you beg, borrow; or buy -the book, this paragraph : — - ? . : ."I'm beginning, to understand the term' 'anti-Christ/: Both the . Allies and the Germans pray to ' the same God for strength in their slaughter! What a joke it; must seem to Him to see us puny,- insignificant mortals pro claiming that we /are fighting for Him, arid that He is - helping us.- Think of praying to -the God of Peace for help, in War! The heavens must shake with Divine mirth;" ; MISS STORM JAMESON. MAXIM GORKI. ' - ' . . .-. ': . . .' Luther Burbank. - 