 Books of To-clay and To-mOrrow "JOURNAL OF KATHERINE MANSFIELD, 1914-1922," edited by J. Mlddieton Murry, London, Constable; Sydney,- Angus and Robertson. 7/6. "PfERE Is the- tragic story of a woman of genius told in her own words. The journal has been carefully edited, and there have been numerous ex cisicns made by the man who Was. her mate during her best years. But he has had honesty enough to "leave material ample enough to make her life intelli gible even to those who have not yet come under the Sway of this brilliant New Zealander. In the Introduction by J. Middleton Murry there is a curious error. He says, that Kathleen Beauchamp, who_ was to become Kathleen Mansfield, was'-' born oh October 14, 1888. He further asserts that her first story appeared in "The Lone Hand" when she was nine years of age. That means the year 1897. The "Lone Hand" was not even thought of in that year. There is much gloom, " much humor, and much brave parleying with .destiny ..in the journal. At times the personal revelations are . almost painfully inti- . mate, but there can be no doubt that the,, real Katherine Mansfield is ex posed for public, judigment as fully as Tchehov exposed his soul in his letters. "SARA," by Restif de 'a Bretonne. Translated bz.y R.M.C., (London, John Rodker ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson, ,;19/.) Nicolas Edme, Restif de la" Bretonne. son of. a Lower Burgundian farmer, was born at Sa.cy in 1734, and died in 1806; at Paris. He was the most prolific French writer of the late eighteenth century. He published more than two hundred volumes, -arid the; present curi ous production is a. translation of an amorous episode from "M. Nicolas, -or The Human Heart Unveiled," which is really the memoirs of his own life. .The story, provides an illuminating study of the follies into which a middle-aged man may sin when he is unwise enough to -fall in love with a woman many years his junior. Sara has been trained by her mother to an evil life, but mi raculously she retained the fresh beauty "of a girl and an apparently frank and sweet nature. She com pletely. deceives her ageing lover, and, of course, the affair ends by Nicolas hating, and despising the " crafty Sara. But even the luxury of loathing her permanently is denied him. The story ends with his expressing nothing but sentiments of tenderness and sorrow . for the woman who had played such havoc with his, life — a sure sign of old age and feebleness when one neither hates; nor loves energetically. Only a thousand copies of the book have been printed. To. collectors It should especially-" appeal, as it ' is printed on paper -made of pure, rag, but unsized, by a community, 'in „ the- Avergne, which has carried on an un broken tradition of paper making for hundreds of years, but which is now in -danger of extinction. "mystic Isles of the south seas," by Frederick O'Brien. London, Hodder and Stoughton; Sydney, Dymock's. 4/6. Here is an excellent cheap reprint of Frederick O'Brien's fascinating book on life in Tahiti. The work is surely weli on its way to becoming a classic, for no other writer on the "mystic isles" seems ever to have penetrated their, mystery as he has, nor t.o have succeeded In pxittlng on paper, so great a measure of their witchery. "THE SHORT STORIES OF H. G. WELLS." London, - Ernest - Benn ; Sydney, Angus and - Robertson. 7/6. Here in one large volume We have the best work of H. G. Wells. P All his short stories are included, and it Is a safe prophecy that long after most of his tortuous propaganda novels are forgotten these gems of the story teller's art will be remembered. The fertility of Wells's mind is amazing. He is able. as. in "The Door in the Wall," to lead us into a world of . , psychic, beauty; to shock us into laughing at the conceptions of a rigid . theology, as in' "A . Vision of Judg ment"; to charm us exquisitely, as. in '-The Magic Shop"; to startle us with his fulfilled prophecies, as in "The Land Ironclad"; to horrify us, as in , "The Valley of Spiders";1 arid, perhaps, best achievement of all, to make us laugh uproariously, as in "The Truth About Pyecraft" and "The Sad Story of a. Dra.ma.Hc firitift " "PREFACES AND INTRODUCTIONS," by Ana- tole France. London, John Lane ; Sydney, Dymock's. 7/6. Enthusiasts for the work of the great French satirist will find in this volume many articles, hitherto scattered in - periodicals and o,ther men's books, gathered together and translated into" English with loving care. ' /That: so: much contains the essential V flavor of Anatole prance's thought - ptiakes the. book notable, and also provokes the query whether, as is hinted, in the fore word, there are not hidden away. In the files of newspapers and reviews, many articles which, with the careless in dolence that was one of his conspi cuous characteristics, he made no at tempt to rescue from oblivion. V "THE HAUNTED HOUSE," by Hllalre Beiloc. . With 25 drawings- by G. K. Chesterton. London, Arrowsmith ; Sydney, Dymock's. 5/6. ' . — With not quite the old satiric power Hilaire Beiloc, .aided and abetted by his illustrator, returns to the task of discrediting the new aristocracy that has arisen on the ruins of England s landed gentry. The . result is amus ing enough, and for Australians espe cially the broad hints given as to the methods' employed during and since, the war to obtain titles should be illu minating. . i. ne character of Lord de - Beauriv "ormerly an open-air mer chant of vegetables and orchard pro duce (that is the Beiloc way of de nominating a coster), provides much exercise for the author's savage hu mor. Wildly - farcical, too, are the' means adopted by the young hero of- the story for winning back his ances tral mansion.. As ever, Belloc's style is smooth, yet. pungent, and Chester ton's illustrations are delightfully deft. "TRIAL OF MADELEINE SMITH," edited by F. Tennyson .Jesse. - Illustrated. . Aus tralia, Butetwortb and Co. ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. To lawyers this book will naturally make an appeal. But there must also be a public interested in murder trials, particularly, when, in court is present ed a drama of passion and intrigue. Madeleine Smith ' was tried on July 9, 1857, for -poisoning -her lover, Pierre lilmiio T.'An troHnw nrltli Vmt fho trial ended in the verdict of "Not Pro-:.. . yen,". and' Madeleine left the. High Court . of Justiciary in Edinburgh a free wo man. All Britain was stirred by the . case, and Miss Tennyson Jesse revives interest in it by her careful compila tion of the evidence, and a detailed account .of the proceedings, which last ed for nine days. Fours years after the trial Madeleine . Smith married a young artist in London, became a Soc ialist, and is said to have migrated to America. - "HIGH ENDEAVOR," by Anthony. Gibbs. Lon don, Hutchinson ; Sydney. . Dymock's. 5/6. To be the son of a brilliant father is oftentimes a handicap, especially if the son electb to follow in ! the father's footsteps. In .this instance, Anthony Gibbs. tlie son of Sir Phillip Gibbs, al ready shows unmistakable signs of possessing a talent, as a novelist, greater far than his father's. . Anthony Glbbs's latest novel, is an . excellent story of a young man who had developed: a ferocious Inferiority : : complex. .'John M a r m a duke . Biddle is the son . of a self-made man, and, In the eyes of. his- father, a fool. The "fool" leaves .. his. palatial home, to prove . t hat he is . capable of fight ing his own battles He be comes the sub editor of a piffi- ling weekly ; magazine, but . " t r i u m phantly proves that he can do without his : father's money. The old man on his deathbed made a fresh will, in which he left everything "to my son; who had the guts, to run away- from me." But in the meantiime John Mar- maduke Biddle decides not to touch the money until he has won the girl whom he has loved with all the strength in him. She, a 'truly, modern girl, has re fused to tie herself up in the bonds of- matrimony until she herself has In dulged in high adventure. That high; adventure turns out to be a sordid marriage with a fascinating rogue. In the end she has to return, with her baby, to John Marmaduke Biddle. Every Incident In the story has about it the air of inevitability, except one In trie last cnapter. wnen me auiuur., unconvlncingly kills off the superfluous baby. The style in- which the book is written will be a delight for those who are tired both of worn-out phrases ' and over-smart phrase-making. "THE CURSE OF THE RECKAVILES," by Walter S. Masterman. London, Methuen; Sydney, Dymock's.. "5/6. . Although the author fails to make clear what the "Curse of the Recka- viles" really isu the story . abounds in mystery and is" quite . good .reading. When Dr Sefton; on his deathbed, iria- parts his secret discovery relating to a new treatment of the insane; his son, _who is studying medicine, devotes his " time to furthering. the\experiment, and . is" thus involved in the mysterious' death of Lord Reckaviles. As the de nouement of the story is about to take place, the author carries, the reader, away to- an Italian Convent/ where, ' many years previously, the former Lord Reckaviles had eloped with a. beautiful young Italian girl, the soh:of this secret marriage being the true Lord. The- search for the marriage cer- tificate teads him to. the English Sea,- . side village, where he falls in love with . Dr. Sefton's daughter Ena. The dis closure of his father's perfidy: throws a ' totally unexpected light on the murder. An ingenious thriller. -' v - "THE. WOLF PACK," by Ridgwell Cullum. Lon don, Cecil Palmer; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6. Written in Ridgwell Cullum's usual- virile style, which nowadays almost serves as his trade mark, this story is set in the Rocky Mountains, where a missionary, his wife, child, and a half- breed muse are the only survivors of a train, wreck. They disappear into . the mountains, and become members" of a camp of half-breeds. Not until he. reaches manhood does "the Wolf" discover that he is a white man. He is still held in the wilds, however, by his intense love for An nette, the half-breed playmate of his childhood. " In spite of the fact that Annette has an affair with his natural eftemy, a police constable, the Wolf's love never falters. . . 'The story is just the sort of thing for tnose who like that sort of thing. : "SURPLUS FAT, AND HOW TO REDUCE IT," by W. F. Christie, M.D. Australia, Cornstalk Publishing Co.; Sydmy, Aa- . gus and Robertson. 5/. Everybody wants to be slim nowa days, and heroic are the measures that, many of the younger . set adopt in order to attain the. "slinky silhou ette.?' But here in convenient form is - set out a sane way of maintaining" one's body In the form conferred on it by- the Creator. Excess fat, if for no other " reason, should be removed, because, if.it Is not removed, the un fortunate' bearer of an unnecessary burden will have a shortened tenure of life. . The book is simply written, and anyone following its plain teach ings will without hardship soon become his. or her. correct weight. KATHERINE MANSFIELD. MR. ANTHONY GIBBS. 