 ? j j ! DÜE TO JIEACÜ SYDNEY ON MARCH 26. X * ' ELXpORATE* PREPÄRATIONS FOR • THOROUGHLY (EN- ' ; * I JOYABLE TIME O N HIGH |SEAS I j SYDNEY, Wednesday The programme ror the voyage of H.M.S. Reuown, with the Duke and Duchess of Ycrk on board has been issued by the Admlralty. Sydney wlll be reaciied at 10 o'clock on Monday, March 2€., Tle Duke of York was accompaniedby the Prince of Wales at a linal shoot at Windsor prior to sailing for Australia, and they had an excellent day's sport. * 1 Tihe "Daily News" in a leader wishlng the Duke and Duchess God-speed says it would be an interestlng sequel to the visit if it should give form and substance ln Australia to the recent speculative suggestions for the appointment of a Royal Governor-Genprul. The newly defined status of the Dominions makes this a possibility and practical polftics, even if the .prjnce 0f Wales or the Duke of | York are unavailable for such a position for such a posftion otber eüglble ineBibers of the Royal famlly might li» thoroughly acceptable to Public opinion'in Australia. The Duke sent from Ms London Koufe, a quantitv of silver-plate, including a set of fineSilver wine coolers. his wedding preRent from AJUS- (ralia^. . v The Royal party at the table. will conslst of twelve, but. the meals on the voyage wlil be verv simplo, and ."•fter the tropfes are reached all me^ls will, be served cold. The Renown is lookinp splendid, nui will be certain to please Aus- I tv.Hians. 'Tlie E 31 "! of Cavan Joins tlie ship i «/«Pftmtwnv and the romnany tha the Illita Duke rest ani and of TlnnViaco Duchess the party on nn Thursday. when the Renown leaves Portpmout, , i and. proceeds down tli3 clmnnel ät sixteen knots. All warships have heen ordei-ed 1-eep outside the cohtrp, nnd suhrnnrineg are oräsred to come to th Kiitface. . The barpe, which the Duke Will U6e is a Bteamhoat painted royal blue, «iM At\stralidns and New ZealanderR w1U know. thflt the Duke is aboard when hls flag5R flyirigfore. . Elaborate preparatione have be»n Toade-for entert.ainmentu which the ' Püks and Duchess propose to rfve during yieir w-orld tour. Provisionn have been placed ln storeoroms so that there wlll be ample. i whilst extra refrigeratlng space was recessary. The shlo oarries onough fish to last until Australia is and there are 60ftO eggs sto>-ed. New Zealand butter vill be used throughout the tour. Supplles also indude 70o cases oP ?ame and poultrv. a quantity. of venison from tJie Royal narks, inkoy pheasants sent by the Kln* from Pandringham. who Älso sent all the hed Hnen from the Royal ys acht.. eht, also the glassware required. ihlch I, specially fine. The King also generously supplied a large store o£ wlne, spirits, and JlquorE from tlie Royal cellars, some of which äre p/iceless and were laid down over a century. 