 Books of To-day and To-morrow "MR. FORTUNE'S MAGGOT," by Sylvia Townsend Warner, c London, Chatto and | Wlndus; Sydney, Dymoek's. 5/6. gentle to be satirical this I whimsical story of the strange ad- I ventures of a missionary Is a subtle commentary on the desire for prose - I lytising. I The Reverend Timothy Fortune is I apparently a sane arid sober-minded J worker among the heathens of" the I South Sea Islands.'" After ten years, j I however, during which he had proved j thoroughly satisfactory . to his su periors, he was suddenly seized by a maggot. A maggot, be it known, is a whimsical or perverse fancy, a crot chet. Mr. Fortune felt a call to go to J I the island of Fanua, a remote dot in J I the Pacific, inhabited by an idolatrous, I I though perfectly happy tribe of Poly- I j nesians. I j There he settles down to the arduous J work of converting the natives. With- j in a very short time he makes one con- I I vert, a beautiful brown 'boy named'- 1 Lueli. Luell and the missionary be- j come strongly attached to each other, I and the story .of their.; wondrous j friendship is the main theme of the j tale. Apparently, Lueli is .without | guile, but one day Mr Fortune dis- I covers that his convert still .worships I in a secret shrine, where Lueli has in- I stalled his personal idol. Mr. For- I tune is shocked, but his love for Lueli I remains unchanged. An earthquake I occurs, and Lueli's idol is destroyed. The boy, now almost a man, droops, I and declines into a lethargy from which j nothing can shake him. Of the grad ual change that comes oyer Mr. For tune himself, of his replacing of Lueli's , idol, and of the unusual climax to this | unusual story, nothing may be said j here except that the hook is worth buying in order to discover just what does happen. «, ' Til !: OLD COUNTESS," By Anna Douglas Sedgwick. London, Constable: Sydney Dy- mock'3, 5/6. - I The scene is the little French town of Buissac. An English couple, an ar tist and his wife, settle there, and into their lives step ajn aged French" Count- ess ana a Frencn giri wren a sua His tory. Jill, the wife, sees love grow between her husband and the French girl, but instead of the sordid triangle now familiar in thousands of novels, Anna Douglas Sedgwick tells' a story of two women who are pre- prepared to sacrifice everything for the man they love. Jill, the wife, deliberately, plans- to bring together her husband and the girl he cannot help loving. But she has reckoned without the sinister intervention of the old Countess. This ancient creature, who .has lived her life in a tempestu- . ous way, still craves for admiration. She sits for her portrait to Jill's ar tist husband, and grows passionately fond of him. When she finds that Marthe, the French girl; and the ar tist love each other, she sends Marthe to her death in a flood that has over whelmed the district. Thus , husband and wife are left to live out their life 'together, and the strangely moving, spectacle is presented by this brilliant novelist" of a man mourning for his ! dead love, while his magnificent" wife grieves for her also, and with equal sincerity. "JAMES, DON'T BE A FOOL." by Edward Vivian Timms. Australia, Cornstalk Pub- | lishing Company; Sydney, Angus and Robertson, 6/. v. Despite the fact that- James is sup posed, to be decently educated and. yet confuses the objective with the nom- . inative case, especially when employ ing relative pronouns, the young man j Is no fool. Kicked out by a rich old father, he immediately takes a posi- j tlon as a motor salesman, meets the girl whom his father wanted him to marry, sells her a car, goes through gorgeous adventures with and for her — and, of course, ends by marrying her after all. It is broad farce from first page to last;, but it is told with such obvious enjoyment by the author that we cannot help forgiving him for hav ing snared us with an impossible story of impossible characters. "CYNTHIA ABROAD," by Nora K. Strange. London, Stanley Paul; Sydney. Dymoek's, | 5/6. Inevitably, . Cynthia has some in- I teresting adventures whilst she is I abroad, but non eof them is naughty, I and Cynthia comes to no harm, but I rather is enriched spiritually and j -mentally. The book is simply and refreshingly written, and even the I most old-fashioned mother"will not | worry If .she sees the book in her I daughter's hands. ' I "MRS. SOCRATES." by Fritz Mauthner, Lon don, Nash and Grayson; Sydney, Dymoek's. 5/6. The fashion of revivifying ancient historical characters is spreading. -Here we have a translation of a Ger man "best- seller," andif this is the I ordinary standard reached by the Ger man variety, then Germany's taste in popular fiction is far higher than that of England or America. "Mrs. Socra tes" is at once erudite and lively. The author's imagination plays easily and with artistic surety among such char acters as Socrates, Xantippe, Aspasia, I and Alcibiades. His story of the great- I est scold in history throws a new, if I fictitious, light upon the woihan who pestered her famous husband for his I own good. Fritz Mauthner presents I Xantippe as a woman who loved her exasperating partner with a devotion j that ennobled her. Scorning the mea- I -gre details handed down to us, he exer- I cises the license of an artist, and gives I us the life of Xantippe- not only with Socrates but after his death. J As an appendix to this fine novel, the I historical details of Socrates and Xan- I tippe are presented succinctly by Mr. George Grote. "DARK ANN, AND OTHER STORIES," by I ... Marjorie Bowen. London, John Lane; J . Sydney, Angus and Robertson, 5/6. I The stories are. told with great skill, I and they are flavored with a delicate I irony which bespeaks a sound lcnow- I ledge of modern life, and a maturity of J experience naturally absent when this I gifted authoress, as a schoolgirl, I astonished the world with her first novel', "The Viper of Milan." All the I writer'3 dramatic power, her gift of I bizarre verbal coloring are present in j each story, so that each vignette of I human experience glows under the I artist's hand, somewhat like pieces of I opal, which, when polished by .the I skilful jeweller, lose their dullness and I scintillate with a-strange and wonder ful fire. "THE BOOM OF 1890— AND NOW," by E. 0. G. Shann, M.A.. Professor of Economics, University of West Australia. Australia, Cornstalk Publishing Co. ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson, 2/6. A book of disturbing comparisons. The boom of 1888 to .1890 is discussed by a man who is able to grapple with facts and figures, and he draws some analogies with the present day that will not conduce to the peace of mind of his Australian readers. . The author Is . quite sensible of the big contrast between the late 'eighties and the pre sent, in that we are enjoying good prices for wool and wheat. But he argues that the level of world prices maynot prove stable. Wholesale prices- have been falling steadily of late, and he Is of opinion that we can not afford to mortgage every fresh margin of our living fund. Lastly, he earnestly draws our attention to what he considers the baleful alliance of London and New York moneylenders with short-term officeholders in Aus tralia, who may be relied upon quickly to work off any apparent money mar gin, if we will permit them. "TIN WEDDING," by Margaret' Leech. London, Arrowsraltli; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6 As an excursion into psychology this is a distinctly clever book, but as & novel some readers may find the de tails a little wearisome. The tenth an niversary of the Fannings' wedding finds Lucia still as much in love as on her bridal morn. Lucia has retained all her faith inthe glamorous romance of marriage. The two have planned to celebrate the anniversary at the coun try cottage where their honeymoon was spent. The book begins with the early morning soliliquy and reminiscences of Lucia, and so throughout a day crowd ed with significant events she gradual ly finds her faith in her husband's fidel ity shaken to its foundations. When evening comes she forms the philoso- phical decision to accept the inevitable philanderlngs of the male with the best possible grace. "FAIRYHOOD," by Clare Scarlett. Loudon: Stanley Taul ; Sydney, Dymoek's. 5/6. "Fairyhood" is the name of the play in which Rosalie "comes into lier own" after many trials and disappointments. Born with the soul of a visionary, she cannot escape misunderstanding on the part of her family, from her childhood onwards. . Uncle John, a dramatist, in terests himself In her welfare, and comes to understand thoroughly her romantic and beauty-loving nature. He composes the charming phantasy in which Rosalie stars — and, of course, as happens in novels, takes London, by storm. Rosalie is a lovable character, and one could wish her a better fate than- the spineless husband, who, leav ing her iri distress before the birth nt her child, finds life in California not to his liking — and returns to share her success. . "FAIR GAME," by Olive Wadsley. London, Cassell ; Sydney. Dymoek's and Angus and Robertson. 5/6. The many admirers of Olive Wads- ley's books will welcome her latest work. They will find In it the same intense human interest that marks most of her former successes. Lord Wilmot, in marrying a girl thirty years his junior, sets himself the impossible task of keeping pace with a jazzing generation. Jealousy becomes a mania culminating in his tragically divorcing his young wife upon circumstantial evidence. Phillipa, in her humiliation, leaves for the Riviera, and there finds her. real mate in a young aviator re covering from the effects of the war. The young fellow has been reduced to the position of a gigolo, or paid dancer in a restaurant. Nevertheless, Phillipa casts in her lot with his, and discovers that, in hei case at any rate, the world . is well lost for love. This novel will undoubtedly' have a ready sale. "WOMAN DISPOSES," No. 6. Australian Re pertory Plays. By "Juliet." Melbourne, Edward A. Vidler ; Sydney, Dymoek's. 1/. A funny little one-act play, written amateurishly for amateurs. It is the sort of thing that will appeal to un ambitious amateur societies, who want something innocuous - to present to audiences who must not be made un easy by anything disturbingly modern. The dialogue is easy, there are no dra matic moments,, and the climax spar kles like a whisky and soda, minus the whisky. , , olive wadsley. BOOKS IN DEMAND. GENERAL. "War Birds," the Diary of an Un known Aviator. (10/6) "The Harvest of tlve Years," by Luther Burbank. (15/) "The Revolt of Modern Youth," by Judge Llndsey. (12/6) "An Australian Looks at America," by Hugh Grant Adam. (5/) "The Boom of 1890 — and Now," by E. 0. G. Shann, M.A. (2/6) "Six Years in the Malay Junglo," by Carvoth Wells, (6/) "More Net Profit," by Herbert N. Cas- son. (6/) "Capital for Labor," by W. Francis .Lloyd and Bertram Austin. (4/6) "Peoples and Problems of the Pacific," by J. Macmlllan Brown (2 vols., 50/) "On the Edge of the East," by H. Rose. (6/) "In Savage Australia," by Knut Dahl. (26/) "The Great Delusion," by "Noon." (10/) "Those Ashes," by M. A. Noble. (15/) "Aloyslus Horn," edited by Etlielreda Lewl3. (10/) FICTION. "Tho Flying Kestrel," by Captain Dingle. (5/6) "Jew Suss." by Lion Feuchtwanger. (9/) "James, Don't- be a Fool," by E. V. Timms. (6/) "Meanwhile," by H. G. Wells. (5/6) "The Old Countess," by A._D. Sedg wick. (5/6) . "Rubies," by Louis Moresby. (5/6) "The Starling," by Doris Lewis. (5/6) "The Man Behind the Curtain," by J. M. Walsh. (6/) ' "'The Thunderer,' by E. Barrlngton. (6/) "Marget Pow," by C. P. Slater. (4/6) "On the Right Wrists, " by A. Living stone. (5/6) "The Man in the Sandhills," by An tony Mnrsden. (5/6) "The- Small Bachelor," by P. G. Wode- house. (5/6) 