 TO-DAY'S CABLES GREAT. BROADCAST SYDNEY'S GREAT SUCCESS Splendid English Reception LONDON, Sunday;' The British Isles:are thrilled with the magnificent programmeO from Sydney, ;.relayed by. 2LO. through Mr.: Keston's listening. post. . It was u!lqtiestio'inablhy the fitest long-distance l·roadcast everv re ceived, definitely milarkinig a new: wire less. elpoch. It, farl out'tlid anything of the linture heardt in Eriglnnd, antd was' not sub jectedl to half the ilnterference suffer ed in lilany attenlmDts to relay fi1om1 Alnerica. Tlhl;ougholut the 105 miiutes'. diuria tioh of the broadtcast oiinl' 15 minutes weore. hai,-between 6.25 nid .(i.'10-i liout the time dalwn wasa. breaking: in Australia. Throughommt that period thle ilntr ruptions resenibleld a vast army of kettle drummers determinedl to outdo everything. It was mostdilsaplDointing, coming on• tol,'fo 'tfls l surpirising ex cellence up 'to tlhit point. The interference. almost i.ined tLhe text ':lof' the Austialian Postmastor General's greetinlgs rto the .P.lM.C: of Englalnd. Unfortunatiely it extended thlrougholut the greetings to the Waratahs. W1ith surlprisinlg sluddenness, just as it appeared to be growingl hopleless, the* atmoslhei:ics vanished as if by inmigic. Thel pl;ograimme from 7.10 onl wards to tilhe close rwas nlaglificent il volume. It niighlt be 11no ekaggeration to shay that the strengtlh and lurity on many occasions excelled 2LO. The crackle wasl not as noticeable as that accompanyiig a 'gramopllhonle, uld was reminlliscent of waves bireaking oil a' distinat shore. The first call..: d-the Ikokaburra snlt thile liearts of all A?ustralillans leap-' ing. It was instantly recognlisable, though it is feared that English lis teners must temporarily have regarded it as a new andt terrible birand of atmospherics.. The kookalburra is a fine bird, hiut no blroadcaster. A rie petition of -the call, together with a re ference to the kookaburra's pilace Iii Alistralian hlearts. 'was as clear as it is heard on a still day inll thile buslh. Leslie MIcCallum's flute solo was a 1wireless treat. His "Rose Marie" alnd Cilbert and Sullival selections were perfect ill tone. Tilhe entirel prograllmlle, excepting tile perliodll named, was-fauliless. The refereice to tlawn ' breaking ofl a bicaultifull warm summellllor morning com ing through the loud speakers drawnl close to the evelninlg firesides gave all idea more than anything else of the vast distance over which the voices were travelling. Similarly dlid the an nolincer's closing remarks effect 35 artists.adjlourniig for breakfast, wliile thousanlds in England were preparing for. bet. The Naitional Anthem and' a Iu0iloroils "Gootl lorlling" closed what nmust ie regarded as thile most .suc cessful world-wide :blroadcast ini. history. 