 AIRSHIPS FOR AUSTRALIA. London to Sydney in 12 Days Big Scheme Nearing Completion. Among the passengers who reached Ade laide by the express from Melbourne on Thursday morning was Sir Keith Smith, K.H.H.. Australian representative of Vickers, Limited, who has come from Sydney, his headquarters, to be preseut at the ceremony of unveiling the statue of his brother, the late Sir Eoss Smith, at Creswell Garden, to-morrow morning, rive firm Sir Keith represents is one of the largest and most important in the Bri tish Empire, and it is a great tribute to his business knowledge and acumen that they- should have selected such a young man to watch their interests in the Com monwealth. The ramifications of Vickers, Limited, are most extensive, and the Tango of goods manufactured by them is wide iu the extreme. The Vickers Com monwealth Steel Products, whose works are at Newcastle, New South Wales, lie long to them, and their work principally consists in the manufacture of wheels, tyres, axles, manganese points and cross ings, and steel castings generally. The works are equipped with the most modern plant, and would be invaluable to .'.us iralia in time of war. Vickers, Limited, at present are building a large number of aeroplanes for the British, Government, and have already supplied many to Japan, tlie Dutch East Indies, and various South Amprtrnti rpnnblics. - A Marvel of the Air. Referring to the types of 'planes which bis firm have supplied to the British Gov ernment, Sir Keith Smith told a represen tative of The Register that they were long-distance bomber?, troop carriers^ and imbulances, and for places like South America they had manufactured a large number of single-seater 'all-metal' scouts. Their machines ' were known as the Vickers Victoria, the Vickers Vanguard, iud the Vickers Vernon. At present they irere building the R101, a huge dirigible Being constructed to the order of the Bri tish Government. It would have a tour ing range of about 3,000 miles, non-stop, would carry more than 100 passengers, and from 10 to 12 tons of mails and freight. It was estimated that it would cut the journey from London to Sydney down to 10 to 12 days, and to achieve that object was one of the main reasons for its construction It was in connection with this, and another equally large air ship which was being constructed, that the airehip delegation recently visited Aus tralia, their object being to enquire regard ing suitable airship sheds, mooring sta tions, and meteorological data. The air ship winch bis firm was building would have six 700 h.p. Rolls-Royce engines. Each vrould.be independent of the oilier?, and petrol would be used at the start. They hoped, however, to switch over tn the Diesel type of engine later. Provided the wind was fair and the weather condi tions were good, one engine would be Biitfi cient to drive the E10I; but everything would depend upon the weather and tins load being carried. It would be equipped with sending and receiving wireless uircc t'pnal wireless, and telephones. She would have a cruising speed of about 70 miles an hour, and would carry a crew of more than 10, who would be divided into., three watches. He had been up in a dirigibe, and there was no sensation of motion. There would be an entire absence of noise, and no smell from the engines, and intend ing passengers would be k'°J to learn that, owing to the absence of motion, there would be no air sickness. The new airship would bo nearly 7U0 ft. long and 133 ft. through. The sensation would be like sitting in a stationary roilwny car riage. There would be no dust, and tho voyager would inhale nothing but the purest of fresh air. They expected to have the ship in the air by next March or April; but at any rate, it would bo rcadv during thn first half' of next year, lie believed the contract was for £350,000. Fostering an Air Sense. Discussing the future of aviation, Sir Keith Smith said he believed its progress would be slow, as one could not force flying upon tlie people. Aviation required to be built upon a solid bra's, in order to make the public realize its may advan tages. He had read with much pleasure of the remarkable success which had at tended the opening pageant of tlie South Australian Aero Club, and thought it augured well for the future. Ho con sidered aero clubs an excellent idea, and deserving of every support. They would have a RTeat bearing upon the question of developing tho 'air sense' of the people. Later a move would have to be made in the direction of establishing the nuclcui* of an aircraft factory in the Com monwealth. At present the Lnrkin Air craft Company ('Quntns'J and the Wes tern Australian Airways, Limited, were building machines under licence. He be lieved in starting iu a small way, as for some time the demand must necessarily be final!. Speaking in regard to beautiful sights flu viewed from the nir, Kir Keith Smith agreed that Sydney Harbour waa almost without compeer, but thn most wonderful vista he had over scon was that presented by the Thousand Isles, just to ' the north of Br.tnvia. . They were appa rently of coral formation, and their vivid green colouring, ntudded as they were in the glorious blue of a tropical i-cn, viewed in the early morning, v.as n ncvertobe forgutteu eight. He should alwnys remem ber, too. jl wonderful ppectaele lie wit nes.rod w1k?ii crossing the Gulf of Siam. It was a perfect rainbow, which formed n complete citcIp and appeared imme diately un-ler the 'plane, its colours being mo=t vivid. 