 Books of To-day and To -morrow "WHITE WATERS AND BLACK," by .. Gordon MacCreagh. London', Jonathan Cape; Syd ney, Dymock's. 12/6. ' . HOEVER were the unnamed origi nal members of the exnedition of which this book is the unofficial history they must have squirmed when they read it. Hailed by the New York newspapers as. "the millipn. dollar scien tific expedition," and as' "'Ithe'i.best equipped expedition that' ever left New York," the scientists , who- composed' it are- mercilessly" exposed by ..the injjisi- creet chronicler as. a pack'-Of /nervous, bickering old . wotoen in trousers. "One by brie they dropped- out and, returned to civilisationrbn brie pretext or Another until at - last" only - Gordon MacGreagh and . a .young American fomained , to push on into, parts of South America never yet explorfediihoroughly by: white men. vr-- - Were-.the book nOt fully .documented by scores b£»plibtbgrapiis; sbine of the adventubes . . j,Ccorrcled in ' it ; wpuld ; be . difficult to believe. . The primary ^.ob ject. -of the expedition, .Was to- traverse by mule traln the fartner, heights, of the Andes; to explore ..arid' to collect bio logical specimens dowri among the foot- hills and along some mountain river, which, it was hoped, would connect with the Madeira, the fifth largest tri butary flowing from the south into the .Amazon. That the first lap took nearly a year, and the second lap — up the great tributary known as Rio_ Negro, the Black River — took nearly another. But on that second lap only the author and the young American embarked. Quite - apart from the extraordinary wealth of material scattered through the book, it has the charm of being written in a fashion totally different from the ordinary traveller's record. Th© author naively records only what impressed him personally. He does' not pretend to scientific orderliness. He just wrote from day to day whatever aroused his sense- of humor, his in terest, and (occasionally) his ire. Gordori MacCreagh has travelled in all parts of the world, and he has gained a reputation as a transportation expert. It is safe to say that he will never again be called on to transport such --a weird collection of scientific stodges as those who behaved like fret ful children all the time they journeyed, in that wild country. One was a statis tician, who peered crabbedly through bi-focal lenses and quarrelled with everybody. The director, a tall and once powerful man, possessed the type of mind that is cpnstitutionally unable to delegate authority to "another. The botanist — big, florid, and slow of move ment as well as of thought — was devoid of all humor, and was' continually get ting. himself into the amusing positions that are the lot of all pompous men. The entomologist — a man of indefatig able patience when hunting "bugs" — wore big round glasses that gave him the inquiring look of a spectacled bear. He lasted longer than any of the other scientists. The ichthyologist was young and earnest and energetic, but he could not last. The scientific results of the expedi tion may have been valuable and In teresting ' to the sacred circles of pro fessors, but the world and his wife will certainly get more amusement and profit from the quaint book written by the harum-scarum director of trans port. The journey dovn the "white waters" on precarious native craft that were likely to be dashed to pieces at any moment was thrilling enough. It was a mere pleasure jaunt, however, . compared with the journey up the "black waters," into regions where rival "Icings'" maintained miniature armies and were continually at war with each other. The fearless two found abandoned towns where rubber magnates had once surrounded themselves with luxu ries — in one instance, even having gone to the length x>f building a palatial opera-housS and importing eighteen Italian opera singers, ten of whom promptly, died of yellow- fever, where- upon the reinainirig eight fled. These towns are now inhabited by a few melancholy optimists, who" hope' against hope thrit some day a mira&le will happen arid the price of raw rubber will soar. MacCreagh, by the way, found that the few Americans left in these ruined regions preferred to trade with Germans rather than with fellow- Americans. The reason given was that a German house will deliver goods on time, packed and labelled in Portu guese, according to specifications, and, above all,up to sample. None of which, it was averred, Could be expected from an American house. It was the same heartrending story that used to be told of Australian trade with the islands— anything would do. So in South America — American traders thought for a long time that anything would do for Sbuth America, Shrewd foreign competitors are now awake to the fact. It is, impossible here to give more than a few indications of the wonders to be found in the second half of the book. There is the story of how the diamond field was opened in George town, British Guiana, through an Eng lishman suddenly developing" a riiania for discovering who made a mandioca grater. There is the almost incredible story of the war between two Rio Negro "Kings" for the possession of a mystic native drum, by which code sig nals could be sent hundreds of miles. But it is no longer incredible when one views a photograph of the drum, as it reposes at the present moment in the Museum of the American Indian, at Washington. Nothing in the book is so fascinat ing as the section in which is re counted the author and his mate's in-, voluntary sojourn as guests with a savage tribe of blow-pipe men. With tact and patience they succeded in worming their way Into the secrets of the tribe, and as. a crowning achieve-, ment were able to be present at and to photograph the unique mystical cere mony, never before witnessed by white men, of the defying of the Juru- pary, or Spirit of Evil. At that cere mony many things happened which perhaps only our spiritualist friends can explain. . , Reference must be made to moloca life — the system of. communism that has been worked out by these primi tive savages. The wildest-eyed radical would have to' admit that among the Tiquie people communism is no dream, but a reality. As the author describes tjrieir system, one knows that here, at any rate, are bufnari beings wlxo have reached . the communist ideal. But having read the description, one must, if one is horiest, admit that a further question arises — -is the communist ideal something to which these savages have attained or is it something out of which they have, not yet evolved? The expedition came to an abrupt end when the author was poisoned by some malicious natives who placed in his cook- pot a deadly oil made from fishes' livers. His life was barely saved by rushing him down river for hun dreds of miles .to the nearest medical man. J\ 1 Of all- the books or travel published this year this is certainly the most en tertaining and the most unconven tional. . "NO_ OTHER TIGER,' by A. E. W. Mason. London, Hodder. and Stougliton Sydney, Dymock's. 5/6. The ingenuity of A. E. W Mason and his skill as a writer of popular stories have been applied to the making of a novel in which mystery and thrills are about equally balanced. From the mo ment that Colonel John Strickland ar rives in Burma to buy a ruby for his lady-love, until the moment when at last he wins her for his life-mate, the reader is plunged into an eerie atmos phere of mysterious intrigue, which involves people so widely apart as a tiger-man who roams the Burmese jungles, a dancer who captivates Lon don, and a group of movie-picturesque Continental rogues, The character of Ariadne Ferae, the lady around whom the mystery revolves, Is a fascinating one, She has brains as well as Deauty, and the author succeeds in presenting her as a very vivid figure. "WE/' by Charles A.. Lindbergh. With a foroi word by Myron T. Derrick, U.S. Ambassa- dor to Prance. . Australia, Cornstalk Pub lishing Co. ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson . 6/. The matter-pf-fact and modest ac count by Lindbergh himself of hid heroic exploit in flying from New York - to Paris is marred only by the hysteria cal foreword written by Myron T, Her rick. To compare Lindbergh with, Joan of Arc, Lafayette, and the sliep herd boy David, —all in the space ofl one paragraph, is hyperbolical enoughj) but the Ambassador goes on to ussj still more extravagant phrases, . - Charles A. Lindbergh was born !i$ Detroit, Michigan, on February 4, 1908, He first entered a 'plane when he was 20 years of age — that Is, five years ago, Since then he seems to have giveti every waking hour to flying and thS study of flying problems. His Is the) fine story of what singlemindednesaf will do. He relates his experiences aS barnstormer (i.e., an aeronaut who makes a living by travelling the coun try and giving short flights for mod est fees), his arduous training for a! position as an airmail carrier, the thrilling story of the flight across the Atlantic, all with a sincerely modest air, that confers a-rare power on hia narrative. A professional writer would have been inclined to . exploit to the full his early experiences, which, front- a spectacular point of view, were more thrilling than the actual New York- Paris flight. He relates hairbreadth' escapes from death, however, In the same matter-of-fact way as he gives a list of the articles he carried with, a him when he made aeronautical his tory. Quite outside the mere recital of his adventures, there is something else te - be gained from the book. Lindbergh's - flight in some queer way released th® emotions of whole populations. Wher ever he appeared during his triumphal progress through France, Belgium; and England there was the same pheno menon- — vast crowds went mad, and only by the .authorities using th® strongest measures was he saved from perhaps serious consequences. In aa T addendum, a journalist nariied Fitz-: hugh Green tries to elucidate the'psy- chologcal reasons behind the extra ordinary demonstrations of adoration for the young hero. He- sums, up thus, "Perhaps the world was ripe for a youth with a winning smile to flash across its horizon, and, by the brff-' - liance of his achievement, momentarily1, to dim the ugliness of routine busi ness, politics, and crime." ? The book is illustrated with many! photographs, which give a vivid idea- of the enormous crowds in Paris, ' Brussels, London, New York, and ; other cities,' which indulged in frenzied ! Lindbergh-worship. " '« "MENARE PIGS," by Bueno do Mesqulta | " Australia, Cornstalk Publishing Co.; Sydt 'i tiey, Angus and Robertson. 2/6. ' The authoress of the amusing littl® b volume recommends all her readers to make presentation copies to their mal® jj frierirs and relations. I The book is of the desperately smart! ! variety. A truly feminine touch ia f given it by the writer's delightful In- \ consistency. If any mere male took it the - production seriously and read it i through he1 could -provide amusement - -t for himself by rnaking parallel col- - J umns of "aphorisms" that contradict v each other. u Books in Demand FICTION. "Jew Suss," by Lion Feuchtwanger (9/). 'The Sea Gull," by K. Norrls (5/6). "Rubies," by Louis Moresby (5/6). "Tin Wedding," by Margaret Leech (5/6). ' ' "The .Starling," by Doris Leslie ( 5/6) . "The Sower of the Wind," by Rich- . ard D'ehan (5/6),' GENERAL LITERATURE. "White Waters and Black," by Gor don MacCreagh (12/6). "A Windjammer 'Frmtlce," by A. W. Pearse (5/). "To-day and To-morrow," by J. H. Carle (6/) "The Great Delusion," by "Neon" (16/).' "The Log of the Sun," by Wm. Heebe (3/6). ... &lt; ... "Mystery Cities," by. Thomas- Gann (21/). Gordon MacCreagh and a Black Friend. CAPTAIN LINDBERGH. 