 LONDON MELODY - i , TRY IT OYER TO-DAY RADIO MARVEL SYDNEY LISTENER "TAKES IT DOWN" The wonder of radio ! On Friday evening 2LO (London) transmitted, among other items, a merry little tune from the Morris School of Dancing, Chelsea. iTry it out. on your piano. It is- published below! C - 'i, i ' ' - Mr. ' MacCiihn, one of the judges "of "The Sun's" recent :song competition, "took down" the music of the piece— note perfect.. .The relay .of the London programme, through Station 2BL, Sydney, was almost faultless. It is possible that England and Holland will co operate with, 2BL- in providing a. similar weekly trans mission.. .Vyhii0 Sydney: lay sleeping. yesterday morning, n voice spoke from London to Australia.1' . In tho grey mists of dawn, a few -yel low window-panes showed where Syd ney's devoted wireless enthusiasts were sitting up -whilst the cfty snored. .Alarm clocks woke most of them In the region of. 4 a.m., and -crawling, still Half-asleop from; bed, they stumbled through the darkness to their wireless sela. If the . miracle of - hearing Eng land was not sufficient to galvanise them into' life, tlie frozen grip ot the headphones did the rest. Seldom have so many -people been' awake In the suburbs at .'such an' early hour before. Hundreds -of enthusiasts listened-ln for more than an hour to tho triple rela, oblivious to the cold -In their de light at hearing 2LO. A few of those who. fumbled in the dnrk were stung into complete. wakefulness by acciden tally shorting the B battery across their fingers. So successfully did 2BL accomplish the relay, that in volume, and' at times in clarity, the transmission might have been a local one. It was only at the thrilling moments when the Dutch op erator, in broken English, announced that the Phillips "laborataire" was speaking, that it was possible to real- ise to the full what a wonderful thing was being done. This is the first time a typical Eng lish broadcast programme has been heard in Australia, and It was Interest ing to comparo the entertainment by Australian standards, The dance music, of course, from the Savoy bnnd was magnificent. Tho Instrumental Items, Including selections on the xylophone, were not of the same distinction, and the English announcer was decidedly not superior to our local talent. The variety of the items on the pro gramme, however, excelled any Aus tralian broadcast. The entertainment ranged from .fox-trots to choirs, with a children's Interlude, during which a little girl sang a song, and joined in a merry conversation with tho studio uncles. At times the transmission waned, but these Intervals did not last for long. Few of the Australian listeners-in dared to switch on their ioud speakers, for fear of Irritating their families or their neighbors. But the strength would have been ample 'for any loud speaker to handle. None of those who got out of bed in the chill dawn for the historic event regretted a single moment of their vigil. It was a ' delight' from start to finish, and. reflected the greatest credit not only on the Sydney station 2BL, but on the Phillips laboratory PC JJ. Took It Down, Note for Note ' Taking down music in shorthand! It sounds unorthodox, but It amount ed to that In the small hours of yes terday morning, , when Mr.'- Andrew MacCunn, listening to the triple re- broadcasting of the programme of 2LO, London, hastily grabbed a .piece of , manuscript paper and Jotted down one of the Items. , ' ' . ' .It' is reproduced on this page.. Try it over on your piano and hear one .-of .'tho tunes that many, parts of the Empire heard In yesterday's triumph of broadcasting. Mr. MacCuni), who was one of the judges In "The Sun's" recent song of Sydney competition, listened to the London ; programme for nearly two hours. One of the early Items was from the Morris School of Dancing, Chelsea; and one' merry little tune came through so clearly that when it was repeated, he grabbed a piece of manu script paper from his desk and "took It down." His pencil ran swiftly over the ruled paper, placing both melody and har mony, note for note. In shorthand, his speed would have been the envy of half the typists in Sydney, When the tune ended, there, came, clear as a bell, the woman teacher's voice: "We'll try that over again — one — two— three — four- " Once more the captivating little melody came over thousands of miles. This time Mr. MacCunn sat back and checked his work. He had it. note-perfect. "It was quite easy," ho said yester day afternoon. "And the reception was so clear that I could have taken many items. I did not know tho tunc, but it sounded like a folk dance, or one of those little tunes from the "Beg gars' Opera.' I also took down another catchy melody which the same woman played on a violin." . Mr. MacCunn offers a novel sugges tion— that copies of the reproduced melody might bo sent by Australians to friends in England, to show one of the actual numbers which Australia heard. Speaking of the programme gener ally, he said that In the whole of the two hours for which he listened, it was as clear as any local station. "I had to use the headphones," he said. "If I had put it on the loud speaker it would have wakened the whole household." Soon You Will Listen to the World . . It was stated by Broadcasters (Syd ney), Ltd.; last night that the trans mission clearly proved that within a few months It will be possible for every possessor of a radio-, set to sit at home and listen to a concert being broadcast from practically any part of the world. .The outstanding. facts of the trans mission wire: — i 2LO, broadcasting on a wave-length of 432 metres, was picked up by Philips Radio Station PCJJ, Holland, then re- broadcast on a- wave-length of 30.5 metres to Station 2BL, which re-re- broadc&st on a wave-length of 358 metres. .The . distance > from 2LO to-.PCJJ is approximately- 150 miles, and- from PCJJ to 2BL 11,000 miles. It: is estimated, that the transmission passed' through 45 valves before reach ing' 2BL. . The entire . programme was clearly audible throughout Australia and elsewhere. Cables were received yesterday by 2BL from Auckland and Napier (N.Z.) stating that the relay was excellent. Hundreds of telephone messages also wero received congratulating the sta tion. Station. 2BL stated that the relay would not have been possible .without- tho assistance of the Philips Radio Company Station PCJJ, Holland, and Mr. Raymond Allsop, the chief engineer Of 2BL. . A representative of tho Philips Valve Radio stated last night that it was quite possible th-at the parent com panies in .England and Holland would co-operate ' with 2BL In order to pro vide a weekly treat of a similar nature. Mr. MacCunn picked up and Wrote down this folksong during yesterday's Won derful broadcast from 2LO. "We should call it the 'Song of London'," he says. 