 ? - - 1-, ? ^ -; - ? — - J — ^ 1 ' 1 ' ,JJJ ' *' — pMMpw mm— 'V I j* ; ; MR. BRENDAN ^®^SATi8n ? Cables Between Sydney and London , . CANBERRA, Friday.— Th?»:m3in sensatioPrn last ttlght's addresses on the motion of reinsure- was .the ^ quotation by ' Mr Brennan -Vic.)'of a cable between -the London and Sydney directors Of 'the tine respecting the proposal to sell the :-Line. , He ^declared tjiat y»e Prime Minister' had deceived, them ..in. niakinq a £-iittic statement that Korieg'o tiatlors hsd been niade-forthe punch aseof the LTne. * ' ?' The first cable lie quoted -was 'iron the London chairman (Mr Larkin) t- ithe bqard in Sydney, dated Januar; f(r 21. asking tlie hpardto cbnveytotiu IPrime Minister privately, and to coil ivey his reply as 'soon, a's: posslble.iu inquiry from British interests wrhe^hei the Commonwealth ' would Sell th- ILine for about £3,500,000 for the tei Iships tnen :in commission. The facti [were published attiie time. Fihall; Ithere was one cable re&dihg:'. JfStj ?opinion Is that .you -juay tieffijiier; 1'ely upon it, If Cabinet accept s, t3ia there will be- no difficulty . in obtain iog ratification if ron^- . theT Common wealth -Parliament*' ' This, isatd 'M] Brennan. was apparently, made tiy.-Mi J3ruco ? He quoted other cables to sho.w thai Mr Larkln, who had been quoted a* . having influen ced The committee tc change Its decision in its interim re port, had fought against reductions li freight, which were made in spite oi him. *nie boa-r-i had; cabled Mr Lar bin on June 14;.- 1926: 'The board pro poses to make an early announce iment regarding a reduction in rstijs for exports ot wool, apples,, and other fruit, frozen meat, cheese, .butter, lard, rabbits, hides and sldns.' Mr Larkin replied, on June 15: 'I icannot definitely agree.' On July 1 12, the board announced its reductions. Oil the other hand,' the London office on December 1, 1925, an nounced a proposal- to increase p freights from £f- a ton measurement f to £!--J0Si aud ^objectionable . cargo by £1 a ton. The' chairman- was In accord. ' '...... The board replied' that it could not agree, and, said Mr Brennan, the . in creases did not take'place. .In May, 1926, the board cabled to Mr Larkin, suggesting u substantial cut in rates, and tllero was no reply from .Mr LariiSn. Several Labor members, who spake through the small hours, were asked hy Government membc-rs where Mr Brearian got hold of the cables. No one had yet learned the so,urce, but Labor members were on the Public Accounts Committee. COULD NOT PAY. Mr Seabrook (Franklin) stated that the Line was not Instituted to make a pruTit o.ut of the people who owned ; .-it. The Bay Liners were too smaU( for trade, and members ? considered] that fact was' responsible for much of the loss. 'Under Australian con- ' ditio.ris, no Government line could, be inade to pay. There was much truth ( in the cartoon concerning a Common- j wealth sailor, who. said to a comrade, ( ''Well, Bill, I rectco.ii we've both just about done it in.' The Seamen's, Union had undoubtedly made a mess j of the goose which laid for them thei golden egg. .He criticised the action Mr Huglies In reading the ' cables. | 1A. man In his position should not .have, istooped to it. It only bore out' his, action in 1918, when, in comman-| deering ships, he ' had promised 'to.- jielp Tasmanian producers, but had| failed extraordinarily. Commonwealth' ? 1 ,bo4ts were frequently held up in Tas J.inaiilaii ports, sq that seamen -and f watersiders could get extra pay. He 5 disputed the Statement by Mr Cole - man that ± . reduction, -of- freight in i fruit of 6d for Australia; as compared f '.vith New Zealand, was due to the e Comrn'qnwealth Line. This Line, he i declared, had been forced 'to ? reduce s its rates. The ships could take beef l trdm Fremantle to: 'Sydney^ '-'but could 7 tak|- no tiling fromHobart. 'It cost r IwTte as much to. take' a balf of hops t U'Pm llobart to Eremantle, as from ? H^bar.t to Liverpool. Thfe fact was ?.thaf^the of the seamen^-were tto'6 qjiigh..' The .'Seamen's. 'Act and '-the ' Na^gation Act Wiere tlie-curse b,f Aus tralia. t MADE AN EXCEPTION. 5 Mr Seabrook was somewhat mis - tiudcrstood when he remarked that he: - liked 2os wo.rth of work for £1. He [ objected to the fact that Tasmania* : had been made an exception, among. -. tiie States in the exaction of a guar : antee.-for- freights.,' ,The' so'pper the' ' Line Vas sold - the better ' ;A^_ '..tvalia'- ...... i,!-' . : Sir Atkinson' -W41mqt)\ ;in i.ejcpjii'n' ing his attitude at, tile Um^. tlie. Line' was- inaugurated, said' that at ., that ? | time the Inclio.n.pe powfics w^re look ing large, and. ;he,cohs-dered . 'that ini the-.in.teregte.'. of- ^u-traliah',proaiicers , pme fitting 'actions siieh as' the estat lishment of Government shipping line -as justified, 'especially if it meant a .saving of £2,000,000 either directly or indirectly to 'Australia.','' But th'e posi tion had changed materially in the ;last-.four years. He' had come to tlip conclusion that . the line -had* not kept down freights even in the past. The most im'portiarit point, hbfre.ver, was its future prospects. When the^ pves out Government handed- the shiDs to !a board that board was given the power to sell as many ships as tiiey thought fit and to apply the proceeds in certain ways. All but seven ship? had been sold, and the money ha,d been used to defray expenses. If this had not been done_ our -3overnment would have had to come In aud ask Ithe House for more money to carry on the line, and the public of .Aim tralia . would have seen the position more clearly. If the line was to prove of -benefit to producers, more ships would be needed. Five or six ships would cost five or six mittipn sterling. That would represent another £120,000 annual interest In addition to a loss of £595,000. The longer the line was can led on tie further thf country would get into debt. The line would be forced to change Jiigher Irelghts in order to nrnke the accounts meet. There was plenty of tonnage to lift all Commonwealth .produce. If the country produced more, then 'there i would be more ships available. ? EFFBCT OF MOTION. J Mi* -Bruce was asked if the -defeat' | of the present censure motion would! be sufficient to authorise the sale of) the ships. He repliedthat ii^ had not| consulted the Attorney-General. It is understood an empowering BUI would be necessary. 