 SYDNEY TO LONDON. ATTACK ON HINKLER RECORD. MR. ANDERSON STARTS TO-DAY. Sydney. Sentember 3. ' Mr. Keith Anderson expects to leave Sydney early to-morrow morning in an endeavor to fly to London in 14 days and thus beat Squadron-Leader Hink ler's record. Mr. Anderson has achieved notable ffighfrg during the past 11 years. Efe started with, the Royal Flying Corps in September, 1917, and had consider able flying experience on active service and in England. In 1922 be Joined Western Australian Airways Limited, and for two years was a pilot on their tu-rth-west air mail route. Squadron Leader Ringsford Smith was also a pilot in the same service at the tame. Mr. Anderson left the company in March, 1924, and in January, 1927. purchased from it the plane that lie is using on bis present flight to England and Sew it from Perth to Sydney in just over three days. Mr. Hitchcocfc, who on that occasion accompanied him, is again with him on the present flight asr comrade, engineer, and general assistant.. In company with Mr. Hitch cock and Mr. C. C. Vivian, Mr. Ander son made the first commercial flight round Australia for Messrs. George A Bond & Co. during June and July last year, the trip taking under 14 days. He has over 1,800 hours' flying to bis credit in many different types of ma chines. About 900 hours have been done on Bristol tourers and other types flown include the Moth and a three engined Fokker like the Southern Cross. A Bristol tourer coupe biplane, fitted with a. Siddeley Puma engine of 240 h_p. is being used for the flight to Eng land. This machine is 8. veteran, hav ing done over 1300 hours' flying on the Western Australian Airways mail route before Mr. Anderson purchased it in January, 1927. It is a tribute to the workmanship of this old Sritish plac£ that it should be capable of attempting such a flight. The engine, which of course, has not had anything tile* so long a period of service as the plane, is in thoroughly good condition. Before engaging with Mr. Anderson in the nights already referred to Mr. Hitchcock was for over five years a valued engineer of Western Australian Airways and enjoys, as the result of all bis aviation engineering, the confidence of the department of Civil Aviation. 