 ARMISTICE DAY. HONOURED AT HOME AND ABROAD. London And Sydney. IMPRESSIVE 6VDNEY CEREMONY. SYDNEY. November It. The Cenotaph was the scene of a solemn ceremony this morning, when about 10,000 gathered there for Armistice commemoration. All traffic was stopped for two minutes. Repre sentatives of tho navy, military nnA at*' forces, war veterans and many former soldiers, attended. The Cenotaph was almost covered w.th flowers. AmonK tlie M-rcflths was one from the EngtiaH crlckot teum, which was deposited by Chapman, who was accompanied by other members of the team. AT THE CENOTAPH; PIVOT OF LONDON CELEBRA TIONS . LONDON, Novembor 12. The lentil anniversary of the Ar mlHtlce evoked a depth of coaHmcin orutlon beyund its predecessors. The veraary had. found a readier autlat this year, owing to the coincidence, of the day with Sunday. The a n-un fo- ment of divine services, to embrace the two minutes' silence, caused all Churches to be thronged. The great pivot of the celebrations was the ceremony at the Cenotaph, In Whitehall, In which Ills Majeutv the King took part. Here, at an firly hour, people from all parts of Lon don and the provinces assembled. ]-e- tachments of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Mercantile Marina and ex service men took up positions round the memorial. On the balcony of the Home Office Queen Mary and the Queen of Spain, and her two laugh ters. Princess Mary, and other mem bers of the Royal Family gathered. Shortly before eleven, the King, uc componled by the Duke of.Toak and Prince Arthur of Connaught, slowly advanced to the Cenotaph, and pliood. at Its base a beautiful wreath or Flanders poppies. The Duke of Vorlc then deposited his own floral tribute, and a wreath fnr Uie. Prince of Walts, and also wreaths on behalf ot mem ners of the Royal Family. Mr. Stan ley Baiawln. Mr. Ramsay Mactsoia'.fi. and Mr, Lloyd George also placed wrnaths on the Cenotaph, as did also representatives of the Dominions, In dia and the colonies and protectorates and the Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine. At eleven o'clock for two minutes, the vast -hr9ng was hushed. From I he Cenotaph, right through tho - metropolis, the same solemn silence prevailed. All traffic was stopped. The Last I'nst was sounded at the Cenotaph iiy trumpeters of the Royal Air Force, after which1 a brief service was con ducted by the Bishop of London. The Reveille by buglers of the Royal Ma rines then rang out, and the slnglufc of the National Anthem, accompanied by bands, completed tho ceremony. The ex-sorvlce men afterward* marched post the Cenopath In a double line, followed by official de putations, bearing wroalnB. The itsn erol public then moved slowly down Whitehall, depositing wreaths as they passed the Cenotaph. While the Cenotaph service was in progress, a special service was held In Westminster Abbey, and -vreaths were laid on the Unknown .Warrior's grave. '* . . , FESTIVAL AT THE ALBERT HALL LONDON, November 11. Thousands of cx-servlce men nnd widows and other women in deep mourning attended a j-enieraST.ince festival nt the Albert Hall'. IT^PX gave an ovation to -their Majesties when a fanfare of State trumpeters announced the arrival of the King and Queen, accompanied by the Duke and Duchess of York. ? ? . 1 -A twoehirani^ownttie.'Oentril'Iftil and! the stage was fashioned* to repre sent a dugout, giving a startinc point fnr community singing of suc'i war time favorites as 'Tippernry.' 'Keep the home fires burning,' and old time catchwords which were should across the hall such as 'Are we downhearted,' and the thundrous anrt wers tit ?'ttb.': There .Trtro'-I!ffb.t«r episodes, ' but the ' deeper emotions were stirred when the lights were dimmed and such memorial music as Chapln's 'Funeral March' was played by tlie massed Guards' hand sad the hymns 'Oh, God, our help in ag«s past' and 'Abide with me' were sung. Tim festival ended with the familiar 'Last Poet' and Reveille. Viscount Jelllcoe, giving a keynote to the gathering, said It was an Im presslve appeal to the vast assembly »n renew th« pledge to keep the Bpirit of comradeship which won the war. alive, while working unceasingly for peace,' that such horrors would never be repeated; DUBLIN CELEBRATIONS. MARRED BY DISTURBANCES. LONDON, November II. Bomb explosions before ' dawn awoke Dublin to the fact that Arml» tloe Day had arrived. There Is still a dangerous section of extremist Re publicans aboard. During tlie nl-fiit explosives were placed at the base of the King William equestrian monu ment in College Green. Tho explo sion damaged the -pedestal and tUe bronte horse, and shattered windows In back offices In the vicinity. Al most simultaneously a bomb ex ploded at the base of the nronze statue of George II in b't. Stephen's Green, damaging the stone work. Both explosions were heard iit mllos. Police rushed to the vicinity; but were not able to moke any arrests. Thore were fears further -outrages would in terfer* with the processions: never theless, thousands of bemcdalled ex service men wearing poples accom panied by black shlrtcd British Fas olsts and women and relatives of the fallen, despite pelting rain, tnarchi'd to the cenotaph In Phoenix Park, on which Deputy Shaw placed .1 wreith on behalf ot the Free State, Ttie crowd, after a silence, sang 'God save the King.' The return march was marred, hy several scuffles, youths at tempting to break the procession's ranks and seise the Union Jack, belrir roughly handled and rescued with difficulty by the Civil Guard. Excited crowds thronged the principal ilrstits, expecting further disturbances. DUBLIN. December 12. Simultaneously Xvith the other tit tempts, a violent explosion 'occurred at Ball's Bridge, when an attempt was made to blow up a fountain com memorating tho King's visit to oprn the International Exhibition. The damage was slight. ' The police * discovered a- dump of arms and ammunition In good ?ondl tlon at Inchlcore, Including three ma chlnn guns and many hand grenades. IN AMERICA. WASHI.VOTON, Nov-flinbor II, Armistice Day observance thiouth out the United States concentrated at the tomb ot the unknown soldier h«re. The National Cemetery was crow led throughout the day by visitors hear ing floral offerings from tlie PresMenl and other officials to ordinary cltl eens. The American Legion and other organisations h-s!S services, in the principal clUes. Mr. Cooll.-lge, Mr, Kellogg and others addressed thi- audience on the preservation of price. The two minutes' silence wis ob served throughout South America, where Frenchmen, ' Britishers and Americans gathered to pay respect at 11 a.m. as did the cltltens ot prac tically all countries, whether directly engaged In the war or riot. 