 To London in 16 Days SERVICE BEFORE CHRISTMAS , SYDNEY. Mnv B. Before the end of. the year a regular Journey from Sydney to London by air In IB days will be made possible by the Inauguration of an aerial ser vice between Sourabaya, In tho Dutch East Indies, and Sydney, which wlU link up with the regular Dutch service between Holland and tho East Indies. This enterprise was outlined by Mr. H. A. Guddc on Ills arrival at Sydney yesterday by the NIeuw Zeoland. Representing the Royal Netherlands Indian Air Mall Company, which con trols the services throughout tho East Indies, Mr. Gudde Is here to complete arrangements for tho opening of the Sydney to Sourabnya service, which ho thinks will commence in October. Tho company Is not seeking a Gov ernment subsidy, and while It will con cern Itself mainly In the carriage of malls thore will be room for 12 pas sengers. Tho machines to bo used will bo giant three-cnglned Fokker mono planes, and about a ton of mail will bo carried. The stuges from Sourabaya will bo to Darwin, thence to Brlsbano and Sydney, tho trip lasting about four days. Tho passenger faro has not yet been decided upon, but Mr. Guddo thinks It will he about £50 for each traveller. In September thoro will bo a trial flight, commencing from Sourabaya, to Darwin, thence around the continent by way of Fromantle, Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane, and back to Sydney. WEEKLY FLIGHTS LIKELY. It is ltkoly that at tho start of tho services thero will ho weekly flights from both Sydney and Sourabaya, and if support warrants It tho flights will ho oven more regular. Mr. Guddo drew attention to the importnnco of tho venture, because, he says. It means that at Sourabaya tho passcngors and malls may link up with another monoplane, and reach Europe In 13 days. The approximate cost for tills trip will he £209 a person. Let ter senders will have to pay 8d. for each letter, which Includes the special air mall tax. Colonel F. II. Wright, tho Dutch Consul In Melbourne, who returned on the Nleuw Zeelund after a business trip to the East, said lie thought that by the new route Europe could he reached In nhout 19 days. He explained that In September It would he possible to travel from the East Indies to tho Continent, ns tho British authorities, who some time ago would not allow fights owing to tho bnd landing grounds of northern Indin, hnd since granted permission for them to con tinue. 