 Fliers Found 80 Miles S.E. of Town; Safe but Hungry! SMITH AND SHIERS EXPECTED AT WYNDHAM TO-DAY After Repairs City of Sydney May Fly on to London REMARKABLE RADIO SUCCESSES Found yesterday after being lost since Saturday morning, Pilot Dave Smith and WalJy Shiers, his mechanic, are expected at 11 o'clock this morning in Wyndham. Sergeant King's party from Wyndham found the fliers near Argyle Station, 80 miles south-east of Wyndham. They were well, but badly in need of food. ARRANGEMENTS are being made to repair the broken gear in Wyndham, and, by clearing a runway, to take off the ma chine for Wyndham, and then pro bably on to London. The Shell Oil Co. yesterday sent new gear to Brisbane by air mail. First news of the finding of the airmen was received by Mr. Pike at Greenwich, through Mr. Knock, of the Wyndham Meat Works. "Found O.K. Advise Civil Aviation Department. All O.K. Sergeant King's party arrived O.K. Thanks. VMZAJ" (the City of Sydney's call sign). Radio Victory Messrs. Knock and Pike were in touch with one another all yesterday, and finding of the airmen is consid ered a triumph for Australian radio. Mr. Knock radioed last night: "Smith and Shiers will receive hearty congratulations on their arrival here to-morrow. "Their untiring efforts to keep in touch by amateur radio has been a great factor in their' early relief." Mr. Collins, manager, Wyndham Meat Works, radioed Mr. Pike: — "Thanks for your hearty collaboration during time of stress. Success of this time owes much to the keen co-opera tion between police, Shell Company agent, and meatworks officials." Rescue Plans The Civil Aviation Department, with the Federal Government's sup port, had lost no time in organising an air search. A W.A. Airways 'plane, piloted by Major Brearley, left Perth yesterday for Derby and Wyndham. shell co.'s appreciation The manager of the Shell Company said last night: — "I wish to convey congratulations and thanks to search parties and all those who so spon taneously assisted." 