 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN ONE DAY Ship's Hold in Orchard BRITISH SCIENTISTS GO FULL STEAM AHEAD FROM A SPECIAL CORRESPON ? DENT I (Subject of Illustration) A complete model ship's hold — as big as a small 'tween-deck hold and with a capacity of ltfO tons of apples — has just been completed in an orchard in the heart of Kent. England's principal apnle-growing district. There is nothing else like this build ine- in the world. It is unique. It has been erected bv the Eirmire Marketing Board for the study of cold storage problems of Australian and other Em pire fruit during the voyage to the United Kingdom market, and is the largest cold storage laboratory in the world. The Ditton laboratory, as it is called, is full of surprises. To reach it the traveller alights at a small wayside 'halt' — it is not dignified by the name 'station' — and follows a footpath past the peaceful grey village church and through orchards laden with red apnles. Suddenly, through the trees, he glimpses an imposing red brick build ing of a most peculiar shaoe. its roofs towering above the orchards. From the outside it gives no clue to its nautical character. First I was shown a big shed where 20 or 30 girls — Kentish hop-pickers. I was told — were grading apples as they came in on lorries. The only sight reminiscent of a ship was an apparatus for hauling boxes of graded apples into a cold chamber up aloft.- I watched a steady stream of boxes disappearing through a hole in the roof as though being whisked upwards by a crane. No Fat Scientists Then came the exciting part of the visit. 'No fat scientists need apply' must have been a rule rigidly observed by the selectors of the team who are to conduct the experiments at the Ditton laboratory. Only the compara tively young and active could even reach the 'hold.' In pitch darkness I was conducted by Dr. West and Dr. A. J. Smith, both of Cambridge (who are in charge) up a steel ladder till we were standing on top of the hold, in the 'shell,' an en velope of air surrounding the 'hold.' From there we groped our way to an air-shaft leading downwards. Through this shaft, air for ventilation is blown by fans, but through it also scientists (and xositors) climb down another steel ladder and find themselves crouching in a tunnel. After a short crawl on all-fours an open trap-door in the tunnel's roof appears. Through this we emerged into the middle of a sea of boxes, and popped up from beneath the floor into the 'hold.' This hold is perfectly life-like. Hun dreds of boxes of apples are stacked in the proper way with 'dunnage'— strips of wood — to allow air circulation between them. More are being stacked by blue-overalled workmen, who might well be stevedores. The chamber is above one-fifth as large as the full size, 60 x 60 ft., hold in a big liner. Sydney to London in One Day All round the chamber is a three foot wide shell, like the vacuum space round a thermos bottle. It is airtight and the temperature can be regulated Quite independently of the 'hold.' The idea is to copy exactly the con ditions through which a ship passes on . a long, voyage. Her experiences dur ing the five weeks between Sydney and London can be crowded into a single day. She may 6tart off on an icy winter's morning. To imitate this, air is blown over brine pipes coiled inside the shell by four enormous electric fans. These fans drive the air to the bottom of the shell through four shafts. The cold air is then sucked back by the fans and thus circulates all round the 3 ft. space. Later, however, our vessel enters the tropics, and in the Red Sea, perhaps, the fierce sun beating down on the decks heats the atmosphere around the holds to well over 100 degrees Fahren heit. Conditions can be exactly copied in the S.S. Ditton. Inside the air shafts, in front of the fans, are elec tric heaters capable of developing up to 10,000 watts. These are switched on to whatever strength is desired, and the air is heated as it is blown over them. This ingenious device, which has been invented by the Ditton scientists and engineers, will enable a study to be made of the interchange of heat between the outside and inside of a hold. In this way scientists will work out methods of cutting down leakage of outside heat into refrigerated holds. Taking: Apples' Temperatures Throughout the 'voyage' a oomplete record of the temperature in every nook and cranny of the hold will be kept, and minute fluctuations will be re corded three times a day. This is done by means of 200 electrical ther mometers scattered throughout the cargo. The advantage of an electrical thermometer over the ordinary mer cury variety is that it can be read, if necessary, a mile away from its loca tion, and it is riot readily breakable. It consists of a coil of wire connected up with an indicator in a 'measur- ing room' above the hold, and is read by measuring the electrical resistances. Resistance depends upon heat; _ the hotter a coil gets, the more resistance it registers. An increase of one ohm resistance indicates a rise of tempera ture of a quarter of a degree Fahren heit. The resistances are read off on a specially devised switchboard on which dials record the variations of each of the 200 thermometers, and are readily converted into temperature readings. This battalion of thermometers will enable temperatures in every part of the hold and in any individual. box of fruit to be read oft without a man going near the hold. The object is to make a careful study of the fluc tuations in temperatures and of varia tions in different parts of the hold with different systems of cooling and dunnage. Two systems of refrigeration are used — battery and grid. In the for mer, cold is distributed by blowing iced air, cooled over brine pipes, through the hold by means of huge electric fans. This is generally considered to be the best system for fruit. In the grid system the cold is produced directly in the hold by brine pipes coiled round the roof and walls. Keeping: Apples Cool This system will be compared, and a study made of the best way of dis tributing the cold evenly throughout the chamber, and the best speed to blow the iced air through the hold. At present wastage occurs under com mercial conditions through the self heating of apples in the centre of the hold and the freezing of others round the side, and through temperature fluctuations. A system of vertical tunnels in the cargo to assist air cir culation is to be tried out. When apples are kept in cold storage they not only breathe out carbon dioxide, like a man, but, also in the human fashion, they give out moisture. This, of course, affects the humidity of the atmosphere. Under commercial conditions no attempt is made to con trol humidity, but Dr. West and Dr. A. J. Smith believe that it should be regulated as carefully as temperature. If humidity becomes too great the growth of moulds and rots is greatly encouraged. Too little humidity, on the other hand, makes the apples shrink. Experiments on the best methods of controlling this factor are to be carried out. Samples of the hold's atmosphere are to be withdrawn at regular intervals by means of flexible pipes, and ana lysed in the laboratories by Dr. R. B. Haines. a chemist. The faintly pungent smell of an apple-filled hold is due to volatile oils in the fruit, and, he be lieves that they have important effects on the apple's storage life. Very little is known about them yet, but one de finite fact is that an accumulation of these gases causes a disease known as 'scald,' and that wrapping apples in paraffin-waxed paper largely absorbs them. A New Storage Invention This building holds the key of an invention of Dr. West's and his team which may have revolutionary results. This is an altogether new system of storage, known as 'gas storage.' In stead of slowing down the fruit's chemical activity and ripening by means of low temperature — for this is all that cold storage does— you get the same re sults by altering the chemical compo sition of the atmosphere. At the Dit ton Laboratory I was shown a room full of fat gas tanks. These will con tain certain gases to be pumped into air-tight chambers, now being com pleted, where fruit will be stored in a scientifically regulated atmosphere. 'Gas storage' has already been used commercially. Two big applegrowers in Kent have recently put up gas stores. At present refirigeration is needed to lower the temperature of the fruit when it is put into store in the autumn. When the temperature is low enough, machinery is dispensed with and the fruit is left untouched till the spring. The store must, of course, be airtight. The principle depends on lowering the percentage of oxygen in the air and obtaining a high percentage of carbon dioxide. Under these conditions fruit behaves just as it does in -cold storage, and experiments so far indicate that the wastage is less. 'Gas storage' is only in its infancy. Experiments will be carried forward at the Ditton Laboratory and later, if suc cessful, in the ship's hold. The ]»er fect cold storage of the future, these scientists believe, will have atmosphere and humidity as carefully regulated as temperature; and delicate, easily damaged fruits will be as simple to transport from Sydney to London as are apples under present conditions. Gold in Australian Alps. — Officers of the State Mines Department are await ing with interest details of a reported discovery of gold in the Australian Alps. A reef showing gold in encouraging quantities is said to have been discovered near the Hotham Heights Hostel. IN THE CENTRE OF THE G BOUP is the wife of Kingsford Smith. Her attendants, from the left, are: — Misses Margery Caltbrop, Mollie McBride (Adelaide), Kathleen Grpp, Beris Smith. The photo was taken just before the bride changed into her frock for the honeymoon in Tasmania. The wedding in Melbourne on Wednesday aroused great public interest. 