 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOURTEEN DAYS Australia's Air Hero Completes Record Solo Flight KINGSFORD SMITH ACCLAIMED WORLD'S GREATEST AIRMAN Sydney, October 22. Ten minutes ahead of scheduled time, Wing-Commander C. E. Kingsford Smith reached the Mascot aerodrome this after- &lt;*> j noon, escorted by 18 aeroplanes, thus completing his long solo flight from London to Sydney in 14 days. and establishing yet another record. (Sir Philip Game), the Mayor of Mascot CAlderman Alexander), and Flight lieutenant C. T. P. Ulm added their congratulations. night-Lieutenant TJlm said that Kingsford Smith, by laying down a time table and not only keeping to It, but running ahead of It, showed that he was the No. 1 pilot or Australia and the world. Tribute to Htn In reply, Kingsford Smith paid a tribute to the sportsmanship of Flight- Lieutenant win "I had to fly lite the devil to catch up to him." he said. "Everyone in Australia win. feel sorry for the bad luck that stopped him in the last hop. That last hop! What a hop it is! My navigation was the purest fluke, but I was lucky enough to hit it right In the eyC* Kingsford Smith was later welcomed at the Council Chamber at Mascot. There he said that.it was not until the eve of his departure from Eng land that he decided to "have a go" at the record. At Rome he heard of the other fliers' success, and he decided to endeavor to lower the record. Pat on Back "I cannot talk for nuts," he said, "and I would not If I could, but I would like to say that what has touched me more than anything are the genuine pats on the back from old flying pals. XSood show. Smithy,' they say, and I tell you It makes me feel gratified. After au, I have a bit pf conceit, and I think I can fly a plane all right When other people believe It, it makes me think lam right. I certainly hope that a certain girl has heard every thing, so that she can realise what a fine fellow she Is getting." (Laughter.) King?ford Smith spent the evening with his parents at home. The Southern Cross Junior flew be neath the apex of a formation of Aero Club tt""**"""?, with two large monoplanes and the remaining smaller machines following. The aeroplanes flew across the harbor and the city, where hundreds of persons, attracted by the roar of the engines, stopped work to gaze In admiration at the little record-breaking aeroplane nmnnp Its flight of admiring brothers. Ferry boats shrieked with their whistles, and motor car horns joined in the noisy welcome. Immediately before Kingston! Smith's arrival. Sir Keith Smith, pioneer of the Engiand-to-Australia flights, ad dressed, through amplifiers, the huge crowd which had assembled at Mascot. aerodrome. Most ***"**"ff Flight "I am happy to be here to congratu late a namesake of mine," he said, "on what I venture to say is the most amazing flight the world has known. Kingston! Smith is undoubtedly the greatest airman the world has seen. I am proud that be is an Australian." 'When the wheels of the Southern Cross Junior touched the Mascot aerodrome, the enthusiasm of the crowd crystallised and dwrfmlng cheers drowned the roar of the engines of the aeroplanes. Distinguished public men present to welcome the' aviator nwiriaiiy forgot their distinction and raced across to his machine to congratulate him as he stepped from the cockpit, removed his goggles, and characteristically asked for a cigarette. The Assistant Minis ter of Industry (Mr. Beasley) welcomed him, on behalf of the Federal Govern ment. The Attorney-General CMr. Boyoe, K.C.) congratulated him for the State Government- Commander Gif ford, representing the State Governor 