 NIGHT AND DAY AIR MAILS London to Sydney in 1\ Days Speed and the Modern Mail Plane LONDON, March 10. Day and night air mall services, link- ing London with the most dlBtant parts ot the Empire In little moro than ? a week are, according to authoritative British expert opinion, well within the bounds of possibility. The following schedule of regular, business-like, operation, dependent on tho establishment ot high-speed services concerned solely with the carriage ot malls, was sketched by Slr Robert McLean, who is one of the leading men in the Britisli aircraft Industry, iii the course of an interview with ¡ Lord Amulree, the Air Minister, arranged for a deputation ot tho London Chamber of Commerce. It epitomises the possibili- ties of immediate and dramatic accelera- tion in all existing air services. The times quoted were: London to Calcutta. 31 days London to Sydney. 7i days London lo Wellington (N.Z.) 81 days Acceleration of this order involves a 24-hour schedule throughout the flight and the efficient lighting for night navi- gation of the routes. Given this organis- ation there is no doubt that British aircraft constructors aro to-day ' In a position to build immediately fast aeroplanes which could maintain such a schedule with ease, cruising with full load of malls on board at speeds around ISO and 160 miles an hour. I Slr Robert McLean pointed out that the average speed in summer on the Indian air route between London and Karachi, operated by air liners carrying malls and passengers, was' about 28 ralles an hour. Malls, he added, should not be kept stationary for 16 hours of the 24, because they had to travel at the same rate as passengers. Passengers and malls should be separated. Where traffic did not justify separate passen- ger and mall services over a route a wail service operating on a 24-hour schedule should be given preference. EXTENDING TO AUSTRALIA. Lord Amulreo, who expressed much sympathy with the opinion that the de- velopment of efficient day and night air wall services was desirable, stated that proposals for extending tho England India service to Australia were being , considered by Austrlaia and by the Governments of India and of the Straits Settlements. Thc advance in speed and efficiency of British military aircraft during re- cent years has an Important bearing on Inls desired development of Empire air ; services. The latest British ono and ; two-seater fighting aeroplanes attain meeds of approximately 220 and 180 ' "liles an hour respectively even whon carrying a service load; the latest multl enjdned bombers-are little behind them. ' inperier.ee gained In the design, build- ing, and flying of these service 'planes lu already being Incorporated in the ! construction of civil aircraft capable of rouen Improved performance. LORD AMULREE SURVEYS THE R.A.F. Important new facts about recent operations of Royal Air Force aeroplane« and a grave statement on the present "tate of air armaments throughout the world are noteworthy features of th« Air Minister's memorandum issued with «« Air Estimates for 1031, which wil M debated (n the House of Common! M Thursday this week. Tribute to thc trustworthiness ol British aircraft and aero engines h "¡inlicit in the statement that long distance flights undertaken by Royal Ail "ree land and seaplanes during th« year 1930-31 totalled 115,000 machino miles, "without a single case of Injury to personnel or serious damage to air- craft." Tho flights thus reviewed In- clude the annual flight from Egypt to West Africa and back, extended for the first time to Bathurst in tho Gamblu, tho cruise of three aeroplanes from In- dia to Slam and Singapore and back, the successful tour of 3.3S0 miles in Baltic waters by a squadron of large j flying boats, and the flying-boat voyage from England to Ipeland and back. CAIRO TO THE CAPE. To-morrow, another Royal Air Force formation cruise is scheduled to end. On February 7 the three big Vickers troop-carriers chosen this year to make I the annual flight un and down the length of Africa reached Cape Town. They began the return Journey on February ll, and landed at Khartoum yesterday. To-day the machines, each of which Is driven by two Napier 530 h.p. motors, fly on to Atbara, and to-morrow evening they are expected in at Heliopolis aero- drome near Cairo, after a Journey ol nearly 12,000 miles. TORPEDO PLAN ES FOR SINGAPORE. Lord Amulree mentions a flight about which few facts have emerged till now, the transference by sea and air of No. 30 Torpedo Bomber Squadron from Britain to Singapore. Eight of these ii.achlnes-Hawker Horsley 825 h.p. biplanes-were transported to Karachi by sea, and, after assembly, were flown on in two formations to Singapore, 3,400 miles away. "BLIND" FLYING. Royal Air Force pilots aro now train- ed in "blind" flying; that is, in flying by tho aid of Instruments alone without external vision. This branch cf train- ing, still in an experimental stage, has led to the production in Great Britain of training 'planes specially equipped for the work, a marked external future of equipment being the hood, which may be drawn complotely over tho pupll pllot's head, shutting out all vision ex- terior to tho cock-pit. The Air Minis tor states that this training should prove of considerable value in teaching airmen to fly in and navigate through nlouris. The year will* seo the disappearance from the R.A.F. of the last of the "war- time" types of aeroplane. They have done long and faithful service, out their day ls past, and aeroplanes ot up-to date design will take their places. Al- together, twelve squadrons are sche- duled for re-equipment during the year with new machines. Further, the use of wings fitted with automatic slots (the British invention which has gone far to ellmlnnto the danger caused by "stalling" or loss ot flying speed) will be extended. Fifteen different types of aeroplane In the service to-day have slotted wings, and eighty per cent, ot all Royal Air Force 'planes will shortly carry them. ARGENTINE LIKES BRITISH FLYING. Tho Prince of Wales fulfilled bis pro- mise to inspect tho British aeroplanes at Buenos Aires on Saturday morning, when he witnessed at El Palomar aeró- dromo, near the city, a display by air- craft specially sent from Eng'and for flying demonstrations and by Fleet Air Arm aeroplanes from the aircraft carrier Eagle, which are temporarily housed there. Messages from Buenos Aires indicate that the British pilots and 'planes gave a notable display, and General Fran- cisco Medina, the Argentine Minister for War, subsequently eulogised British flying In his speech durlne a luncheon given by the Prince ot Wales nt the Hurllngham Club In honour of Argen- tine nvltion. Particularly Impressive was tho Hawker Nimrod, the new single-seater fighter, selected for re-equipment of the Fleet Air Arm, which le easily (he fast- est machine of its kind In any air ser- vice In the world. Even with-full load on board this remarkable war 'plane is able to attain a speed in level flight of considerably more than 200 n.iies an hour, and Its climbing powers far sur- pass any aeroplane yet seen jn South America. Speed ot this order enabled the pilot to go through a most spec- tacular show of aerobatics. 40,000 MILES A YEAR. New statistics of tho activities, of the flying clubs in Great Britain dur- ing 1930, additional to those quoted In this bulletin two weeks ago, demon- strated that the London Club, one of the oldest flying clubs in tho country, maintains a proud pre-eminence. Tho flying' men and women included among its 420 members, flew for no less than 3,350 hours in the seven aero- planes owned by the club. Allowing for the fact that the club possessed ono of these aircraft only nine months of the year, the average of hours flown by each machine- works out at the astonishing j figure of 497 hours, the highest recorded ' by any club in the country. Examination of the Implications ol this figure emphasise the stupendous amount ot flying done by tho club air- craft and by inference pay high tributf to the strength and durability ol machines and engines. Assuming th« average speed in the air to be 80 mile.' an hour, each machine flow a few mlle« less than 40,000 miles during thc twelve months. Though comparison with motoring milage ls not exact, because ol the difference in average speeds ot tin aeroplane and tho motor-car, yet It ii fair to make an analogy. Tho aero- plane engine, unllko tho car engine turns at constant speed which Is usuall: only a little less than, maximum speed there ts no relief for the engine com parable with the continual closings o the throttle granted the motor-car unit Any motorist, therefore, who attain: an annual milage of the order of 40,00i is qualified to estimate the performanci of these club aeroplanes. The vast bull of tho flying, too, is done during tuition with numberless ascents at nearly ful throttle. It ls very strenuous flying. 