 London Proposes — And Sydney Follows Her Fashion Footsteps ? ?? tt-fr-flr -Cr ? ? What Is Overseas To-day Will Be Here To-morrow , Some Interesting Forecasts The Queen has given a fillip to the craze for wool lace by herself purchasing and wearing Nottingham wool lace, allied to her tweed suits. London salons are featuring this charming and wholly sensible style in their new winter displays. We out here are barely started on our summer wardrobes — London is beginning the new winter season, ix win De interesting w see the effect of these forecasts when the new winter goods begin to arrive here — about the end of February. ; ROWN is being worn a i | great deal, but there are !|jj p? 4 numbers of women, not i fi i& in tlieir first youth, who | 8 |H cannot wear brown, and | w J numbers of others to i iMiiniffffll whom it is unbecoming. 1 However, nigger brown and chestnut ; brown are seen a great deal, and 1 usually in alliance with some other ; color, of which mandarin orange is (the favorite. It gives brightness to nigger brown outfits, and adds a | pleasing contrast to the bright browns. Brown cloth coats trimmed 'with brown Persian lamb are worn lover brown frocks, lightened with j mandarin. Blue coats, trimmed with Urey Persian lamb and silver grey j coats trimmed with grey Persian i lamb are also worn, usually over i blue frocks, and there is a feeling ifor bright cornflower blue, with dark 'blue coats or grey coats, and some of i the younger women are wearing corn flower woolly dresses under dark i brown coats. j Gil. loves to soil. cUiiKUie cowns. Sl.o lovrs Crrni c Cnnrinosan for her skin: iluu, fxmilsHr light qolclen hair, prey eyes 1 that THRILL; and hns won lionmRC from » million s. j llrr name? Marlon Marsh, lovely Warner jBws. film star of America. No wonder !Crpnir Charmosun is the talk of women 'everywhere. A sensation. Selling in "'THOUSANDS. i Locked up within Creine Channosan are : .wen precious things used by world -famous beauty specialists to tnuke one's («hin look younger, prettier, lovelier, i IIow happy you'll be when the clear warm : tones of Youth creep back Into your skin, j For Cremc Charmosun removes so many faults; so many signs of age from your = 5kt:i. What a blessing to the woman with the plain, the ordinarv, the ngcing skin. Holds powder with sheer enchantment ; fur hours and hours. A charm for sun- , bin n. freckles and brown. Immense sale. >-Ur»»iisMcs.s. Price 2/6 per large DOUBLE SU'.K Jar. Sold everywhere. T IGHT as a feather but cosy and just the thing for fine days out of doors, are the short coats in pony or broadtail cloth, which are dyed in many colors to wear with light dress es. In white, these little coats look I very smart over black frocks and the I new chestnut brown and olive green I are other favorites. JLACK and white always seems to persist whatever else may come into fashion. It still holds pride of place with some of the euphoneous colors for evening wear, such as pis tachio green. niotliblooni beige, phnnton mauve, Borgia red, and / also for daytime / bright navies, / magentas, and the new browns, in- I eluding the latest \ "Locust bean." It \ was a black and white pyjama suit that caused most comment in a London showing and which had a tailor made white cloth dinner jack- ol tifiHi a silk corded waistcoat and wide pleated trousers of black nuirocain. jVfOST dresses have some touch of lace or lingerie trimming, and there are "overhead" collars with plastrons of lace, which have an adaptable bow at the back that allows the plastron to be dropped as low as the wearer likes. With these there are usually diamante or paste brooches or clips fixed in the lace. A new wool embroidered organdie is used for lingerie effects, and this looks specially well on light woollen materials, which are worn practically all day. A IJlCtit ULtil Uf biuviiiii, Wi WIHLII lilvow n«im.ii stores, is being brought out of boxes, and tinted to tone with dresses, or worn in its cream shade with black frocks. Guipure lace is also being used as trimming for necks and half sleeves, from the elbow on afternoon dresses, and women who have been J-#,'?' careful hoarders of lace, whether real or other- mA -e wise, are now managing to use up a good deal of it on dresses for af ternoon or informal i occasions. J W gINCE the Queen has adopted the fashion of wearing wool lace that has been made in f Nottingham, in alliance with her tweed outfits, there has been quite a craze for this materi.il. It is being woven in heavy qualities for under-coat frocks, when it is made up just like silk in smart designs, with bishop sleeves, fancy yokes, and gored skirts, and worn with one of the very wide leather belts in a contrasting color. In finer meshes, like Shetland wool, it is being i made into dinner frocks in the same styles as silk lace, : and in rich colorings it looks lovely finished with a vel- . vet sash belt and diamante buckle. The Queen is not having it made into entire dresses, but is using it in tweed colors as a corsage, and sleoves on tweed skirts to j go with tweed coats for country use at Sandringham and Windsor Castle. She has chosen close geometric do- signs for sardigans for country wear and leaf and floral patterns for dinner frocks. fr -fr ? yyiTH the strong feeling for the various phases of Vic- torianism, a number of girls are now trying to look like the Burne-Joncs and William Morris women and doing their hair either parted in the middle or with a soft waved iront, with no parting, and brought low at the back. This gives an earnest look which suits the young women who now take life more seriously than they did. There are 110 longer any outbreaks of po lite nonsense from the Bright Young People. All who can work are working, as they are all poorer than they were. Every day one hears of some new economy. Lord Harewood (Prin cess Mary's husband), is trying to sell his town house, ana mere are rumors that Marlborough House, part of which was fit ted up for the Prince of Wales, under the Queen's super vision, but in which lie never lived, may be either sold or used for some public purpose. -r ? SV , 1?NGLISH women who have been under the Continent s fashion spell for so long have suddenly gone "all British." and instead of French exotic perfumes are buy ing those lavender and April-violet perfumes which have been favorites with the Royal Family for so long. For their British designed frocks they are now choosing British silks, which are made wider than those of France, in 42-inch widths, and English brocades as wide as 54 inches. Hundreds of new dyes have been used for the new English crepe de Chines and georgettes, and some of the Bradford silks— which should interest womenfolk out here, too— arc really lovely. Lf OR those "look well ahead" people who have already begun to think about winter things — just a word of advice to watch velvet for the com ing season. It has been such a big feature of showings in Paris and Lon don, and not only for dresses and suits, but for revers and cuffs for cloth coats, and for separate jackets to wear with light woollen frocks. Corduroy velvet, when well cut, makes smart suits. Now that it is being made in check designs, it looks well in simply cut skirts with plain coats. One of the loveliest suits was of brown, with a simple flared skirt, blues. matching double-breasted belted jacket and a brown and white spot silk scarf, which is made into another ensemble by changing the brown jacket for a white one with a brown leather belt. JNGLISH designers certainly gave London a mild shock when tlicy staged a sturtling fashion show with mannequins parading in the new sil houette gowns with puff sleeves and padded hips, period frocks of rustling taffeta and evening dresses — mosi elaborately frilled— Just as in Du Maurier's drawings. Though the smartest women have protested that they will not wear a bustle — even in the most moderate form — many re- | lented at the show and took tremendous inter- est in the bustle frocks. One man nequin, who was continually being asked to sit down, finally sank into a gold chair, without any up- , lieaval of her rjng i velvet skirt, set- j tlimr into her bustle, which con- tracted as she sat upon it. Even though she was so graceful and suc cessful in sitting with ease in a steel bustle, few women will care to be bothered with anything that is likely to hamper them in the bright life. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Black and white uus nnri'r smarter than in the style shown above. The 1 short ovcrblousc , fitted with a holt, | 15 a/ oyster white satin ivnrn with j a black cloth skirt , black gauntlet. | gloves, the new length, and a white I summcrweight felt hat. The deep ; elbow cuffs of black fox are a note 1 of luxury . A sleeveless frock of aqua blue silk crepe owes its success in the hand buttonholing and hemstitchiny with which it is lavishly trimmed. The edges of the bodice and sleevelette have been outlined ivith coarse buttonholing in a deeper blue, and the skirt fagoted with the same. silk. A white summer- weight felt hat and white shoes showing an eyelet design in blue, are worn with it. i Marion Marsh 7'/i ! floppy irregular brim must have a, certain sym metry about it to be smart. The one shown above has a definite curl to the brim and a shallow crown. Its only trim mini; is n bund of prospruin ribbon bound with black patent. Cotton prows yearly more attractive and some of the most charming evening gowns this year have been made of orgnmli, liroderie Anghusc or French muslin. The dress above of embroidered organdi needs as its only trimming a sash of taffeta in the same delicate eggshell shade. PA dressy little bonnet of soft Idack cire straw, 'f highly lacquered and sim ply trimmed with 11 little bow knot of wild tluek's fcalti- If? This smart walking shoe is among the imported stocks of new season's goods, and is by the famous French designer, I'inel. lilack and white python skin is allied to soft black eidf in a stout little Oxford. 