 & AH. LIJO URNL J am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak impugn it whoso ll-t. ' CO!TItLi!POSDbx,TS aro requested to inform the Ldltor If their letters ore also sent to another paper ljieh letter must have the name and address of the writer attached not neccssarili for publication but as a guarantee of good faith «ejected letters will not be returned Uusli csn communications should be addressed lo the General Alanagcr Diflleultv In obtslnlni, coi les ol 'The Argus' should be reported to Hie Clrculition Manager Advertisements will bo received by City »lil Sub uib.ui UCWH ogei tfi up to 5 ti p in Classificj tlon of other than icccs«irlli lote Keith and lunera] S lices iinict I tinrunteed if re eelie I Jt The Argus olllce Kittr than S p ni vdvirl[sementé must le a 1 Ire sed lo III AU itrlifing Dei jrtmtnt WILSON AND MACKINNON PROPRIETORS, Head Office JS5 Elizabeth street Melbourne C 1 Branches Molbourne 245 Collins st , Sydney, « 0 Connell tt London IO Fleet it EC« rocwAY, if ty 2!, JOS" EMPIRE DAY There has been almost a Avot'ld rcvo | ltitlon and renlly ti European revolution [ si/it-é the Umpire Day movement was es- tablished by the Earl of Meath iinmeili ately after the deallt of Queen Victoria, .vet the Jirltish Empire has stood un- shaken, llehlnd that indisputable fact is ¡t salutary reflection. The Empire AA-US built to Avlthstand strain. It rests upon principles of political liberty, upon free- dom of thought anti discussion, and upon other elements inherent in both. If violence makes little headway among lirltlsh peoples it Is hecnuse they arc members of a nation Avliich hap learned the tangible benefits of progress in an orderly and constitutional manner. The structure of the Empire withstood the shock and .suffering o£ Avar not because it Avas great In area, strong in wealth, or impregnable to attack. All these characteristics AA'ere present, but its capacity to resist shock lay in the principles upon Avhich it Avas built and the Ideals vvhich it pursued. Other European Powers had great wealth, vast military organisations, impressive traditions, and abounding patriotism. Nevertheless, they fell, and their people suffered not only humiliation but dire distress. The Ialeutcinint-Goveruor (Sir William Irvine) reminded the people on Sunday that the ConimoiiAvenlth could not have uiahitnlucd Ils Integrity, much less have progressed, had it not beeu for the pro- tection which Imperial unity afforded it. Australians have taken all that largely for granted. It is usual for young people AVhbse circumstances are cast in pleasant pinces to assume that these conditions IIIIA'C como to them as a natural right, and no especial good for- tuno lins been the lot of those AVIIO enjoy them. The truth is that Austra- lians have been singularly fortunate in their long Immunity from danger from outside the Commonwealth. From the Roman Empire right down the ages there has not been a country that has not had to llghl Us way lo victory or has not boon obliterated by defeat. If the unique and linppy lot of Australia can be traced, as undoubtedly It can, to Imperial nulty there is no need to say anything more in defence or in appre- ciation of the Inestimable advantages which had HOAVD from tho Imperial bond. The long peace which Australia has enjoyed is ptirt of and Is interwoven yvith its membership of the Empire: in particular It is due to the prestige and the power of the British Navy. So far from retarding the develop- ment of Australia, the association xvlth the Empire has fostered its development and has promoted Its material advan- tage. The best proof of this is In the view which is now belüg taken of the trade of the Empire. In the normal course of world history, folloiving con- vulsions of any kind, a disturbed people look toward change, whatever the merits of the change may he, for Improvement in their conditions. Thal characteristic is by no means absent from the Internal controversies of the Empire. No one, hoyvever. with the ex- ception of ti few almost negligible dis rttptloulsts, suggests that the disintegra- tion of the British Empire Is a solution of any problem. On the contrary, minds arc turning not to disintegration, hut to stronger material ties, to lift the people out of their troubles. This year a conference representing every part of the Empire vvill assemble in Ottawa. The practical outcome of such a gather- ing as that cannot be measured merely by a close study of tarin* schedules. Its value will bo best es1 limited In the proof that It affords of the continued unity of the people of the Empivc and of the conviction that in such nulty lie (heir safety nnd their prosperity. TRADES HALL SUBTLETY. -» When Ihe executive of the Victorian Labour party decided ou ¡Saturday night that its place was behind Mr. Lang, but that it Avas not prudent to be seeu in that place, it Avas confronted by a difficult task. The executive de- cided that it vvould he a "test of the siu " cerlty" of all good Labour supporters whether they voted to support Mr. Lang or tiot. Everyone had to vote for Mr. Lang or bo declared Insincero. That did not mean that everyone who voted for Mr. Lang ivas a rcpudla tioulst. li meant, according lo this very subtle executive, that those who voted for Mr. Lang were constitutional purists, offended beyond cure by the unconstitutional conduct, of (he Gover- nor of New South AVales (Sir rhilip Game). It appears, therefore, that a (politician may he a repudiatlonlst, and an elector may bo gravely shocked by repudiation in a politician, but that the supreme consideration is a nice point of constitutional procedure which must be settled In only one Avay. In other words, the issue before the electors of .New South Wales Is not Mr. Lang, but Sir Philip Game, The subtle reptidiationisls have won their point. They have brought the Slate executive of the Labour party behind Mr. Lang not tis x'ulgar, ill dressed, hard-iightlng Avorking men as- serting their rights, but as genteel, nicely brushed, and eminently polite upholders of constitutional practice. When the election is over, it is true, the constitutional issue may he for- gotten, and Mr. Lang will be free yvith a Aviirrant, fortified hy the support of the Victorian Labour executive, to pur- sue his repudlationlst policy. That, hoAvever, Avili not be of great conse- quence. The genteel executive will re- sume its place In the Melbourne Trades Hall confident that It has assisted in an assertion of dignity that will help to carry Nexv South Wales through any odium that may attach to it if it per- sists Avlth its policy of repudiation. The State executive is not the first to dis- cover that outward seeming may be a very good 'substitute for inward quali- ties of an unpleasant kind. Outside Labour circles such people tire known as hypocrites, but no coarse language is used at the Trades Hall. It will be dilllcult, hoyvever, to persuade people that In supporting the repudlationlst policy the executive has not a great deal of sympathy for that policy which it thinks it better not to express vvlien the same effect can bo produced by methods more Ingenuous. As, however, these gentlemen insist, like prudent duellists, upon the choice of weapons, they invite criticism of their qualifications as coustltutlonal purists. They are exhibiting an aver- sion from an expression of the will of the people at an election, and the will of the people is surely the basic prin- ciple of the Constitution. They have ranged themselves behind Mr. Lang, Ax-bo has been dismissed from office not because of misinterpretation of the deli- cate shades of constitutional practice, but because he openly violated a IIIAV of the Commonwealth. Mr. Lang for many months has been sure of applause for every tAvist and turn he took to evade laivs that tvero in pursuit of him. The State executive of the Victorian Labour party Is familiar xvith many things nearer home. During the last fevv weeks It lins had an Acting Premier " on the gridiron" not for having dis- obeyed the loiv, but for having carried it out: not for being responsible to an elected majority in Parliament, but for not having found some way of evading the decisions of the majority. Mr. Tunneel ide, on his part, has pleaded In lils defence that, although certain laxvs Avere on the statute-book, he maintained a ''montai reservation" sufll cient to ensure that they Avere not given cft'ect to. A clerk employed In the civil service has boen called into coun- cil on questions of policy by lils Minis- terial chief. It Is a common practice among Labour orators, inside and out- side Parliament, to attack the judiciary, and for years It has been a passport to greatness for elected representatives to co-operate in the violation of Industrial awards judicially arrived at. The Avhole foundation of the Labour parly rests upon the unconstitutional prin- ciple that members "representing" con- stituencies arc the puppets of the State executive. As a stickler for constitu- tional propriety the Stale executive Is not a success. Figures »bowing that the output of gold in Australia is increasing direct renewed attention to the continued failure of the Federal Ministry lo an- nounce the repeal of the gold bounty. As the bounty "is paid on all gold AA'on in excess of the average an- nual yield of 1028-30, every increase] In production Increases the burden on the taxpayers. In the year ended De- cember 31 last a payment of nearly £89,000 was required. In spite of the reduction of the amount of the bounty] under the Premiers' plan the cost hil 1032 is sure to be more thnn f 100,000; mid tho increased production is esti- mated to be such that the cost of the bounty In 1033 will be at least £150,000. The Lyons Ministry AVUS returned yvith a luandate to undo the mischief of the Scullin regime and to practise economy Avherover possible. The bounty xvas refused originally by Mr. Scullin and AVOS forced through by the rebels of the Caucus in his absence. Since then the price of gold in Australian currency has risen enormously. The Lyons Ministry has thus less justillcatlon for retaining the bounty than the unscrupulous Labour extremists had for enacting it. The Ministry should announce, either in or before the Budget, Us abandonment of this immoral dole. Valuable suggestions for doser l'ur liitiuenliiry control over public expendi- ture arc contained In the report of a joint Select committee of the Federal Parliament presented to the Senate on Friday. As the imdltoi'-gciiei'itl is the watchdog of the tintinees, who should he supported by members of Parlia- ment, it is essential that adequate, opportunities of discussing his report should bo afforded to members. Con- trol of the public liarse is the duty as well ¡is the privilege of Parliament; thorp ih nn excuse for that control becoming perfunctory Avhen members have the assistance of an export and a fearless critic. The suggest Ion that expenditure should he clu.sslllcd clearly as "fully reproductive," "partially re " productivo," and "unreproduelive" Is excellent. It Avould strengthen the hands of courageous members who arc not prepared to allow unjiistlllablo ex- penditure to continue without chal- lenge. A further important reform sug- gested Is the presentation of Federal and State accounts In a uniform manner. With such a system in opera- tion It would be easier to detect over- lapping mid waste und to create a healthy public opinion against the per- petuation of exceptionable expendi- ture. "In all time of our tribulation, lu all "lime of our yvealth," runs a woll knoivii passage In the Litany. The association of tribulation and wealth ns twin evils from which it were well to be delivered must have sounded Ineoii iruous to many persons in normal Hines: but Is It so Incongruous to-day"; A landlord lu Sydney, Avho admitted the ownership of 70 houses, related lu the Redfern (N.S.W.) Police Court that the net Income of himself and lils wife was ml minus, föOO -Vs the xxorld reckons weiltU be Is cutaml> poss^sse! of weiltb but be has more tun«. liK ..li ii o of tilbulntiou It onh old lather Time would declaro a nioritoiiuni vshenever man does ind cease lils ravages upon house property anil its ownei» when tenants cei^e to paj i out oivneis of bouses, might not Hud tbuusehes tilth incomes consisting of mimi», quantities Propertv would not lequhe paiuting and other upkeep and tbe dnv foi pay lug ratos would never come round The landlord vv ould not grow oldei ind thub he would not have to won j which would last the longet-his mortal frame or the moratorium His onlj troubles would be the need for feeding hunsolf -unless he obtained food on credit ind the dnv of ieckonln¿ never airncd nnd the damage done to Iii« propel ty bv dc-tructiv e tenants The ninth number of ' (1912) 'The Aldus' Law Reports ' vv ill be published to da) It contains the judgment ot the IIi_h Court on appeal from the Supieme Couit of South Australia m lligbhnds Limited commissioner of taxct. (lcderal Land tax) The «tate Full Court in John T Goulditig Ptv I td v \ ictorian Railwijs Commissioners gaxe an impoilant Jinlg ment on tlie liability of the tominibsioneis as bailees anil in Rex v Packer dismissed an appeal under the Clunes Act In the eise of m re the Bntish Australian Wool Realisation Association Limited Mi Jus tiee ilcArthur dealt with questions raided bx the liquidators of the association Copies of the number may be obtained fiom all booksellers and news agents, or will be sent dnect from this ofhee lo anv address on receipt of 4/0 m btamps Miss Beatrice Teman ssill continuo ter John Muscfkld pros,ninnie on -iturlaj csenlnsr aid tot W edi esdai as iresiouFls li no meed nt tlse Citizen Rooms lilock Arcadi vslien a cúmplele r a Hil- of lils telling soem The Wau lerer and silections horn The Fs erlast my Vkres xxiii lie Risen mcetinsf of tie Commonwealth Review Club will be held at the V _ M Turooms Mctssun House Hi?ibeth street tonight xslien the sub jeet for delate xxiii be Is Communl'nn the Onls vltematiso* The Conbul General for China (Dr W V Clien) ssill delis cr an address on The Sino laiancsc Situation at the Conslittitional Club luncheon at Temple Court at half past 1 o clock to das 