 île %t%n& -»JLLBOURM I im m the pi ice where lam demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it vvheso list " COHRFSPOMM-NTS are renuesled to Inform the rdllor if their letters aro also sent to another paper Kacb letter must have the nnme and addre«s of tho writer attached, not necessarily for publication, bul an a guarantee of good faith Itcjected letters will not be returned Business communications should be addressed to the General Manager Dllhcultv in obtaining copies of ' The Argus ' should be reported to the Circulation Manager Advertís/monis will be received b> Cltj and Bub urban news a"inl9 up to 5 io p m Clflssillea lion of oilier than neiessiirtly Inte Dealt] and 1-mural Notices cannot be gunnnteed if ic oeiicfl at Ihe \rgti* * office later than 8 pm Vdvtrtl ements must be iddrcssed to the \dtcr tlsing Dcpiirtmuil WILSON AND MACKINNON, PROPRIETORS Heil Offlro 3t«a Hl/abith street, Melbourne, C1 Urimbin Melbourne 211 Collins st , Svdnej, 20 O Connell st , London, so ried st, E C I voxDiY, ir Anon ii, ion A PROUD DAY FOE SYDNEY. All Australia joined on Saturday in the felicitations to the parent elly ot Sydney which were called for by the triumphant completion of the great Harbour Tii'itlge. Upon noteworthy occa- sions such us this (hore is no room for parochialism in the thoughts ot the people of the Commonwealth. The con- gru filiations to Sydney upon un acbievc ment which, for ninny 5'eiirs, hail been a dream, hilve been widespread aud sin- cere. The general character of the in- terest evoked is attested by the large numbers of visitors from other States and other parts of the world who flocked to Sydney to witness the official opening of the bridge, and by the many thou- sands who availed themselves of the accounts broadcast over an all-Austra- lian network. Appropriately, glorious sunshine favoured the day to which Sydney had looked forward eagerly for many months, and the gay pageantry was worthy of its magnificent setting, lioth by day and by niglit'lbc uiussivi bridge and (lie beautiful hurbonr were a feast of colour und light and ¡minia lion. It is willi no tinge of malice, but rather with a sobering sense of reali- ties, that thinking people will roeog nibc, now that the gay tumult bus ecu-seil and the colour aud light have failed in the dawn of n more pro«¡i¡e (lay. that much money has boen spout nu f eM i vi- lles nt a (line when there is very lillie ainilnble even for nccess-itle«s. It would lia ve been too much to expect, however, (lint the completion of such a gigatUic task could have been allowed to pass without some .-ulcqiinlo demonstration of the feelings of the people. There are exceptional occasions upon wbirh it Is not wise lo make considerations of »st jKirninounl. The melodrama lie conduct ol' a mili- tary odieci' which momentarily inter- rupted tho unifiai, opening ceremony deserves unsparing coiidoninalion. The a.spei't uf the episode which strikes all balancea people Is its utter futility. Ity prematurely slashing at a ribbon with ti sword the misguided aud fool- hardy culprit did not prevent Mr. Lang from officially opening the bridge. Ile may have emphasised to the world that Mr. Lang lint- earned from large num- bers n£ tim people hatred and .scorn to [such a degree that these feeling«, .some- times seek un extraordinary vent ; but lie lins done more tluin that, itopres tat Ives ot lils Majesty the Kins aud leading citizens in all walks of life had given their cniintenaiico lo the cere- mony and dignified It with their pre- sence, and lhe. unseemly interruption was a direct InMilt lo them. The action might easily have crea I ed a riot awong the crowds of people of opposing politi- cal beliefs gathered lu their thuus'iuds upon a great emotional occasion. There is a constitutional way of demons!rat- ing to Mr. Lang thal his gnvernment 1st obnoxious to the people ol' New youth j Wales. The foolish action of Saturday morning added nothing to the strength of the political campaign agaiust Mr. Lang. H is beyond question that the theatrical behaviour of the Now Guard for some time before (he celebrations on Saturday created nil atmosphere favour- able (o such an incident as marred au otherwise brilllaut and memorable I'ereuiony. 