 WORLD'S fIRST STRATOPLANf! From London To Sydney in a Day I Through The Upper Atmosphere H By LOUIS GUERCHAIS Two nations, Germany and France, are at present building machines called stratoplaries to fly in the stratosphere, the rarefied region high above the clouds. To study the exact nature of the stratosphere and also to investigate solar radiations, Professor Piccard will shortly make another balloon ascent similar to last year s, when he attained a height of ten miles. In the article below M. Louis Guerchais, the designer of the French stratoplane, tells of how he hopes to achieve such great speeds in the strato sphere that a machine could fly from London to Sydney in a day. in. ii| VIATION in high al ii H i titudes has been .my ! I 1 rl'l'ny passion for ( J1 1 many years, hut it cjy®LJ was not until 192D that I gave serious attention to the design of the "stratospheric" airplane, and in February, 1930, 1 commenced to con struct the machine which is now in the stage o£ completion. We await only the delivery o£ the engine and are working upon .ho adaptation of the compressor— a cask which demands a great deal of time. However, I can state that about the middle of this year, at the latest, the machine will depart upon its first voyage. The airplane is constructed entirely of wood, for in the exceedingly low temperature of the higher air strata metals become fragile and useless, with the sole exception of duralu- minium. The propeller, however, is a metal Ratier of three blades, whose speed may be controlled in flight by a special electrical apparatus, will turn only at half-speed. The airtight cabin is a sort of a cylinder surmounted by a cupola. This cylinder is of duraluminium plate, two millimetres in thickness; it can accommodate the pilot and his assistant. The cupola, which alone will oroject from the fuselage, is fur nished with special screws, and its lid, which serves as a manhole, Has a diameter of two feet. For the first trials, up to the alti tude of four or five miles, we shall not use this lid or cap. > But when wo climb higher, this lid will be closed. The pilot and his assistant will be very much like the navigators of a sub marine, and a small compressor will furnish them with air. They will have in addition some flasks "of oxygen to ensure complete safetv. and batteries of oxylite will purify the atmosphere in which they will be confined. ? ? & Up to five-miles altitude, the water radiator will remain wide open. After that altitude is passed it will be too active, and we have provided shutters to diminish its radiating surface gradu ally as the altitude is increased. As to the air radiator of the com pressor, .it will have a radiating sur face of thirteen square yards, and, since it would also become too active at high altitudes, shutters have again been provided. Finally, for the oil radiator, the solution is identical; its power will increase with the altitude and shut ters have been provided to prevern. this increase. - We shall And the principal dlffi- aulty in the firing of the engine; but we have already taken precautions, and I have reason to' hope that the ignition will function perfectly, even in she rarefied air of the strato sphere. ? ? ? AS X have said, by the middle of the year we shall be fly ing at high altitudes, but not immediately in the strato sphere. Little by little we shall try the machine up to the altitude of five miles. Once arrived at that altitude, we shall there study the reactions of the machine, and even climb to eight miles to continue our investi gations. And only after we have studied the peculiarities of thi dif ferent strata of atmosphere from all points of view shall we attempt our final goal of soaring to 12 miles — or. X think I am safe in saying, even 15 miles high. The advantages of the stratosphere (which begins about five and a half, miles up) over the troposphere (whica lies nearer the earth) have been discussed and debated for many years by scientists. Certain celebrated savants hold that the stratosphere is the ideal zone for aerial navigation, since It is much clearer than the troposphere —it being understood that cloud formations and atmospheric pertur bations are there unknown. The speed of the wind is equally dimin ished. Other, scholars, no less distin guished; affirm that from soundings taken in the stratosphere there ap pear to be enormous differences of temperature between points little distant and situated upon practically the same horizontal plane. Vertically, the differences of temperature are much less and a great deal more pro gressive; in other words, the theo retical calm of the stratosphere exists in reality in but one dimension — the., vertical. Above ten miles it is prob able that vertical winds and ascend ing eddies are slight; but it is equally probable that the horizontal winds are constant and of great intensity, their speed being about 190 miles an hour. But the discussions of the savants now seem to have been closed by the experience of Professor Piccard, whose balloon, as everyone knows, travelled only 400 miles during 18 hours of flight in the stratosphere. Thus, if horizontal winds, so much discussed, really exist in the strato- sphere, Professor Piccard would have certainly encountered them. ? ? ? I AM convinced that the near future will furnish us with a satisfactory response to this much-discussed question. For the present, we may base our calculations upon the experiences of Professor Piccard, and we can say. with all certainty that from the point of view of aviation the stratosphere presents undeniable advantages over the troposphere — which latter is In a continual state of movement under the influence of the earth. Being farther removed from the earth and less under its Influence, the stratosphere should be much calmer. For this reason apart from the Increase In speed,' the gain in economy and security obtained fry i- . iljing in tli suatosphiii should be considei able But there me still other advan tages. The cruising radius of a stratospheric plane is double that of the ordinary plane. Thus, in ; ten hours, a stratospheric machine, ' cdrrying a pilot and a navigator, could make the Paris-New York flight. Even with my airplane, which : is but a test machine, we shall be 1 able to make voyages of six to eight , hours with a speed of 250 miles per i hour at five-miles altitude. ir ? ? AS an instrument of war the 1 stratospheric machine will be invulnerable. Before the com mon scouting machine it will simply vanish — climbing in the space of about ten minutes to a height of five miles. In about forty minutes it wilt be able to climb to the con- I siderable altitude of ten miles. Then, as regards bomb-droppinp-, my own machine can carry about 5500 pounds weight of explosive;,, while an ordinary 'plane can take but 200 pounds for a flight of seven or eight hours, owing to the quantity of the fuel it is forced to carry. But we will not speak of all these possibilities of war use. Let us con tent ourselves with the possibilities whic.-i stratospheric navigation will lend to the field of commercial avia tion. For my part, at least, since I fought during the entire war, the latter perspective has infinitely morn value in my eyes. I look forward to the month of June, when my 'plane will take off for its first flight, I and my crew hope to be the first to make con crete the realisation of that beautiful dream— considered until now merely a fantasy— which has stirred the air men of all nations; the dream of lunch in Paris and dinner in New York. ? ? ? AS I . stated before, my first stratospheric machine Is an all- wood monoplane. It is of the low cantilever wing design. Its span is a little over 19 yards, its length 12 yards, its height four yards, and its supporting surface 49 square yards. The wing of two longerons have a thickness of 32 inches at the juncture with the fuselage; the en tire luselage and the wings are double-veneered. The compressor, which weighs about 165 pounds and is of the centrifugal type, with three blades, has a speed of 12.500 revolutions per minutes. It is able to maintain atmospheric pres sure In the entire system up to the altitude of nearly four and a half miles, and absorbs 133-h.p„ of the total engine power. From four and a haif miles to the "ceiling," its power diminishes upon a curve de termined by ratio between the com pression produced by the machine and the pressure at the respective altitudes. With a total weight of 5500 pounds the "ceiling" attained would be about nine and a half miles, and the speeds would be 210 miles per hour near the earth, 250 at an altitude of four and a half miles, and 200 at eight miles up. With the surcharge of 5500 pounds— that Is, a total weight of 11,000 pounds— the speeds would be reduced to 180 miles per hour near the ground and 240 at four and a half miles up (wo los very little speed at this latter altitude by an increase of 50 per cent, in .the weight). At eight miles up the speed would be 195 in place of 200 miles per hour. The engine will be "a Lorraine type "Orion" of 18 cylinders, giving 825- h.p. up to an altitude of four and a half miles, with 2100 revolutions per minute. nimiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiMiMfimiiiiii This illustration shows the differ tint slruttis of the atmosphere. Practically no thing is Icnowrt of the regions above the tro posphere, which is l h e name given to the ai re o s p h em on the surface. of the Earth, tip to ahun t- the level of the highest clouds. iiiiiiiiiifimmm.iiii. .inn., i ('. An impression by the German designer, Dr. Asmns Hansen, of a struloplune, at a height ol 8 miles above the earth's surface. At this height, in consequence of the very low degree i of diffusion of light, I stars of the first order I are visible even dur- | ing the day. The I pilot and observer I are enclosed in the j air-proof c It a m b e r shown ill the illus tration on the right. Dr. Asnttts Hansen has studied the possibili ties of the develop ment of the high ttlti- little motor. On his nurl, the itrtilnsplii re plane /ins httn foun ded. In the rarefied atmosphere mi tl intense cold of the stratosphere occupants of the 'plane must he enrlteied m an air-proof thiunber similar to a submarine, litis is Dr. Hansen's th sign. ( i lose-up of M C.uert hais' 'plane, described by the designer in the accompanying article. Professor Piccard entering the aluminium spherical ; chamber of the balloon in which he rose ten miles into the stratosphere last year. IPith the young physicist, M. ; Max Cosyns, he will make n short flight in the new gon- ! dola in the next few weeks. 