 THREE DAYS London-Sydney "With aeroplane engines in their present state of development if is possible for the flight from London to Sydney to be made within three days, allowing for night flying and relief pilots," said Flight- Le'.utcnflr.t C, J. Moir, president of the Mew South Wales Aero Club, when re cently discussing the record that might be established in air races be tween London and Australia in thfe near future. "The aerial distance between Lon don and Sydney is about 12,000 miles, according to flight reckoning," added Flight-Lfeutenant Moir. "There are already several 4-eliable makes of aeroplahes which are con- sistently cruising at 250 miles an - hour and are capable of up to 280 j or 290 tniles an hour under favor able wind conditions. A pilot flying solo could make Sydney from London in one of these machines, flying only ten hours per day, giving 14 hours out of each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep. Assum ing the weather conditions were not favorable, and that head, instead of following winds, were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at 250 miles an hour would give a daily journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney within fear days of London. "But assuming the same machine was flown with relief pilots, with, ample provision for fuelling on the journey, it would be possible for 22 hours daily to be flown, which would give a daily distance of from 5500 to 6000 miles, according to the weather ahd wind conditions. With favorable conditions and ordinary pilot's, luck, the journey to Sydney could be accomplished within from 48 to 80 hours from London." Referring to the time likely to be taken by the winner of the centen ary air race from England to Aus tralia, the ChieL of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore S. J. Goble, said : "I think two , and a half days to 1 :'nys will wm the rare." O Tkavit . Kir.gsford SrtiiiH said I '.hat' he thought the' route could be covered i n three and a - half days, HIGH FOREHEADS AND BRAINS i People who pride themselves on . their high foreheads as a sign of in telligence must take a hack scat if Dr. Altes Hrdlicka, an anthropolo gist of the Smithsonian Institution, is right in his latest studies. Speak ing in Philadelphia (reports the American -correspondent of the "Sunday Despatch") he said that 30 years' work in measuring foreheads had proved to him that intellectual ly there was no difference between the highbrow and the lowbrow. So far as height of forehead went, added Dr. Hrdlicka, the American who descended from the Mayflower Pilgrims compared unfavorably with the Eskimo of Alaska, who had oiie of the highest foreheads among the groups ho examined. Dr. Hrdlic ka spent a long time on Ellis Island sfeudying the immagrants of 14 na tions. The lowest forehead he found in relation to stature was among Armenians, who were re nowned for their shrewd trading qualities. 