 ENGLISH CRICKET TOUR MANAGER. Appointment of Mr. Harold Bushby. BOARD OF CONTROL'S IMPORTANT DECISIONS. Mr. Harold Bushby, Tasmanian representative on the Board of Control, yesterday was appointed manager of the Australian cricket eleven, which will leave Fremantle on March 2G for London. Allow- ances to the manager, treasurer, and players will be the same as those for the 1930 tour. The Board of Control agreed that the Test matches should be limited to four days, the fifth to be played outright if the fate of the "ashes" depends upon the result. SYDNEY, September 22. The board to-night appointed Mr. Harold Bushby, Tasmanian represen- tative on the board, to be manager of the Australian Eleven in England next year. Mr. W. C. Bull, one of the New South Wales delegates, was appointed treasurer. * Both Mr. Bushby and Mr. Bull ara legal men. Mr; Bushby, who is 45 years of age, accompanied the 1926 team to England as a visitor, and he attended the Imperial Cricket Confer- ence as co-delegate with Mr. Sydney Smith, jun., the manager of the team. He is an ex-president of the Board of Control. To Leave on March 26. The Board of Control to-day made further arrangements for the visit to England by an Australian Eleven next year. The first official appointment made was that of W. Ferguson, who will again be the baggage supervisor and official scorer. It was announced thai the Austra- lian Eleven would sall by the Orford which would leave Fremantle on March 26 and arrive at London on April 26. The team will return by the Orontes leaving London on Sep- tember 29 and arriving at Melbourne on November 5. The team will as- semble at Melbourne, and will play two matches in Tasmania, a match at Perth, and another at Ceylon. The Allowances. The allowances to the manager, treasurer, and players will be the same as those for the 1930 team. The manager will receive an allowance of £650 as follows: £100 prior to embar- kation, £400 while in England, and £150 on return to Australia. The trea- surer will receive £600 in-amounts of £100, £350, and £150, and the players also will receive £600 each in similar amounts. There is a, proviso that the last payment to the players (£150) will be made with the consent of the chairman of the board on receipt of a satisfactory report from the mana- ger of the team. AU paymenrs will be in the currency of the country in which the payments are made. A masseur will be appointed in England. As a sequel to complaints concern- ing the frequent delays in some big matches last season while drinks were served to the players the board has decided to suggest to the M.C.O. that a clause be inserted that drinks shall not be taken on to the field more often than once during each session of play. Hours of !._/. For Test matches at Lord's and the Oval the minimum charge will be 3/, including tax, and for the other Test matches the charge will be 2/6, includ- ing tax. Tlie board agreed to the fol- lowing hours of play: FOR COUNTRY MATCHES. First day: Noon to 6.30 p.m. Second day: 11,30 a.m. to 6.30 p.m. Third day: 11.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. The board, however, will suggest to the M.C.C. that captains should be permitted to agree that. on the last day play may commence at 11 a.m. and cease at 5 p.m., for the purpose of facilitating travel arrangements. For the Test matches the M.C.C. proposed that on the first day play should start at 11.30 a.m., and on other days at 11 a.m., play to cease each day at 6.30 p.m. The board has decided to suggest that on each day play should be commenced at 11.30 a.m. The board agreed to four days' duration for each of the test matches, with a provision regarding the fifth match being played to a finish if there was a chance of the destination of the "ashes" depending upon its re- sult. The board suggested a careful word- ing of this clause to provide that, if at the end of the fourth test, the dif- ference in matches won is not greater than one, the fifth test be played to a finish. This would mean that if one team led by one win to nil, or two wins to one, the fifth test would have to be played out, as there would be a chance of the other team drawing level in wins. THE SELECTORS. The board appointed three selectors: Dr. C. E. Dolling (South Australia). Messrs W. M. Woodfull (Vic), and IE. A. Dwyer (N.S.W.). 