 MAIL IN TEN DAYS. London to Sydney. BASIS FOR NEW SERVICE. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, who will tender for the Australia Singapore air mail contract, con- siders that the service between Sydney and London can be oper- ated on a basis of 10 days. SYDNEY, October 15. During an interview after his arrival at Mascot aerodrome, Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said that he had now 5851 hours and 20 minutes' actual fly- ing in his aviation log book. The average speed would be about 100 miles per hour, which would give a total of over 585,000 miles. The actual flying time from Lympne (London) to Wyndham (W.A.) was 88 hours, and the flying time from London to Sydney just under 112 hours. With suitable machines there was no reason why a reliable aerial service should not be operated on the basis of 10 days between Sydney and Lon- don, allowing ample time for nightly rests on all stages of the journey. EXPANSION OF COMPANY. "I intend to go fully into the con- ditions of the tenders for the aerial mail service between Australia and Singapore," said Sir Charles. "I will rest for about a week in Melbourne. Definitely, my company will be a tenderer for this service. I told Mr. Ulm in London that if his company, which will also tender, was successful in getting the contract, I would join his board of directors in an advisory capacity. In the meantime, I am pre- paring plans for the expansion of the aviation work of my own company, and for my own tender for the aerial mail contract." Amongst the undertakings of his company, he said, would be the build- ing and sale of aeroplanes. He had obtained a licence for the build- ing of the Percival Gull aeroplanes in Sydney. These machines were proving very popular. IMPORT ENGINES. The Miss Southern Cross, on which he made the record flight, was the 39th of these machines built by Cap- tain Percival, and he had several more orders on hand. The engines for these machines would have to be imported. Sir Charles said he hoped the Federal Government would see its way to remove entirely the primage from engines being imported for installing in Australian-built aero- planes. Limit of Endurance. LONDON, October 15. Commenting on Sir Charles Kings- ford Smith's record, the "Observer" says:-"An average of 1200 miles a day seems to be the limit of human endurance, though world services may achieve more continuous travel by means of relief pilots. The prospects of a 10-day mail service from London to Melbourne seems now to be feasible. An Imperial organisation should not tarry behind brilliant pioneers." Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's broad- cast from Sydney last night was heard distinctly in London. 