 FAMOUS WOOL CLIPPER TO SAIL THE SEAS AGAIN Cutty Sark Coming to Australia Once Sailed from Sydney to , London in 80 Days Has Romantic History Several days ago a cable announced that the famous clipper, Cutty Sar, had been refitted for sea by Captain W. H. Dowman, her owner, and it was intended to sail her to Australia again. If she reaches these shores the Cutty Sark will become the cynosure of all eyes, for no more gracefid or trimmer ship ever sailed the seven seas. She visited Brisbane as a wool carrier in the nineties. /"YVEJR 60 years ago-when Bismarck ^ was stilt plotting against France, and the fair Montijo still queened It at Versailles, and Gladstone wan jusi about forming his first Administration -when women still wore crinolines and chignons, aud tea was rouua about 6s a lb. and the Bucz Canal not yet opened-then, in days which seem to times like these almost as strange and remote as those of Tutankhamen, thero was launched at Dumbarton a *hip {small lib we count ships now adays) which was destined to have a career as notable ns ever a ship had before or since, and one, moreover, i of which ntlthor lier builders nor her j first owner ever dreamed. In the j old fairy-tale dayB it was usual when a princess was christened for fairies to attend at the ceremony, of whom some brought gifts of a wholly desir able nature, leaving It to the last comer, a cantankerous and ironical lady, to endow the infant with some quality which should entirely nullify ( the kindly intentions of hor more ami- j able sponsors. One imagines some' such bestowal of gifts, good and bad, at the christening of the new ship, i one sponsor saying, 'She shall have j long life,' another 'She shall have j beauty above her peers,' a third 'She shall be loved of many,' while the last j droped the gall Into the cup w^tb the , words, 'She shall outlive her own gene ration.' " Thus Miss C. Fox-Smith opons hor book, "The Hcturn of the Cutty Sark," a "short biography of the colebrated vessel." The writer tells that Captain John Willis, for whom the Cutty Sark was built, was a typical example of the retired ship master-owner. He always had a great deal to say In tho design j of ships, and tho plans of the Cutty: i were altered more than once In accord-' | ence with pet Ideas of his own. The THK CUTTY BARK. contract for bis now ship went to ? quite now and practically unknown firm, that of Scott and Linton, of Dum barton. Tho llfo of the Arm was 11 brief one, and tho Gutty Sark was its swan eong. Scott and Linton were like those folk whoBe immortality is assured by a single song, painters who live in a single picture. They built half a dozen ships beBide the Cutty Sark; none other of any size or note. Naturally they were highly delighted at securing so Important a contract, and the probability Is that they cut things as fine as they could to get it. And no doubt old John Willis, hard man of business as he was, drove a good bargain with the new firm; so good that.some peo ple say the Cutty 6ark broke them. Whatever the reason, Scott find Linton failed bofore the ship was fin* Isbed, and Denny Bros., of Dumbar* ton, completed her, Linton Derigned Her. The Cutty Sark's designer was the late Hercules Linton, a member of the firm. He had been reared in the clipper tradition, for he had learned his craft in the famous yards of Hall, of Aberdeen. Tho Cutty Sark is, of course, what Is known as a composite ship. This phase of ship building, though It las* ted little more than a dozon years, produced some of tho finest, fastest and most durable vessels of the dayB of sail. It marked the transition from wood to Iron. Built Of Teak. The Cutty was built of teak throughout, with Iron beams, and sho had n teak deck. Her Bpar plan was much Bfitjarer than that of most of tho clipper-shlpa of tho period. Her main mast from deck to truck was nearly 150 feet, and with stunsalls sproad, extending on each side so us practically to double tho width of hei Bails, she woe a veritable cloud of canvas. She was painted black, with a gold lino lovel with the main deck, and lots of decoration on her ntorn and figurehead. She sailed from Lon don on February 35, 1870, with gen eral cargo for China. Her First Trip. - Her firat passage was not a spoclally fortunate ono. She was by no means lucky in her weather, and the little accldonts which aro inevitable in a new ship before sho has "found her self" were rather more numerous than usual. Probably iron work in ships wan at that time still In Its ex perimental BtageB. Captain Moodie's log, with Ita many Impatient refer ences to tho waywardness of tho wca thei1, displays the not unnatural irri tability of a man particularly anxious to show oft liiB now ship's paces. The Cutty; liko the Thermopylae, waB tlio object of much criticism, both favor able and otherwise, on hor arrival In China. "I -was on board of hor in China," says one writer, "at the end of her maiden run, and the same as a good many there, did not know whe ther I quite liked hor or not. How ever, we were all bad prophets, and little suspected that she would outlast the splendid fleet of clippers which came East In thoBe days." The Cutty aalled from Shanghai on June 26, to tho usual accompaniment of cheering and gunflro, and tho strik ing of shtPB' bellB. The writer pro ceeds to tell the Btory of the Cutty Sark's career in tho Chinese and the Australian trade, devoting consider able space to the 1872 passage from China as being the . only occasion when circumstances permitted tho vessel actually to race with tho Ther , mopylae. j China Tea Trade. I To carry off the blue riband of the , China tea trade was the great ambl . tlon of many a shipowner during the mld-nlnetoenth century. The Cutty Sark's supporters claimed that bur. tor the IOBB of her rudder sho would .' have completed the passage at least a 'fortnight sooner than she did, and 'thus beaten tho Thermopylae by a week. Miss Fox Smith carries the story on to 1893, and the last voyages tp Sydney and Brisbane before the sale to the Portuguese. "Thereafter her story Is a tad little Odyiioy of unfamiliar port* and strange cargoes, of neglect and grime and buffetlngs by wind and sea," she writes. "Escaping as by a miracle the risks of war sho was nearly lost In a hurri cane a few dayB out from Delagoa Ray, and reappeared after refitting, riggeil as a barquentlne. Her original Portu guese purchasers from Captain Willis sold hor again in 1919, and she sank still lower In tho scale of forluuo. X taw hor in Surrey Docks in November. 1921, and like everyone else with a heart for a fair Bblp fallen on evil oays, felt the mute appeal of her wistful and noglected beauty. But bet ter days were in store. Chance took her into Falmouth, aB a renull of a battering In the Channel, and there Captain Dowman, a retired sailing-ship eklpper living at Flushing, happened to see hor, and bought hor back for the Rod Ensign." The writer accompanied the famous clipper on hor first trip to sea after her reconditioning and return to her old name and flag. it was but a ehort cruise without canvas, and with tho hawsers of a couple of Falmouth tugs on board. Gull-like Grace. ? She tells:-"The point which always ! strikes one about the Cutty 1b her Hook of guU-lilte grace and buoyancy, I even whon flhe is at anchor or tied up to a wharf. It did not desert her when she lay a captive In the Surrey docka. Her Immobility la not death, but Buapended animation. "She lies on the water like » reBtlng swan, ready at a sign to quiver Into lovely life and move ment . . . She slipped leisurely along tM coast In the wake of lier tuga, and it was wonderful to note how easily she went through the water with as little noise and fuss aa a Ash. It gavo one some Idea of the secret of her great speed, which thero cun bo no doubt depended us In tho caae of moat of the crack clippers, aB much on the lines of her hull a3 on hor sail plan. Ar.d, just for a moment, tho P»Bt was the present, and tho prosent the past. Sbo was taking her pilot again with the long weeks and months of tho voyage behind her, tho thundering westerlies, the stormy Horn, tho smell of tho Antarctic Ice, tho golden tropic days, tlio Btar-Eown tropic nights . . . 80 days from Sydney Heada. first homo of the racing wool fleet." Australians will aBBuredly bo inter ested to 800 this grand old clipper. 