 THE UNHOLY TRIPLE ALLIANCE AGAINST ITALY FRANCE-THE BALKANS—SYDNEY'S "TELEGRAPH" THE CENTURIES OLD ANGLO-ITALIAN FRIENDSHIP. — THAT PARVENU CLIVE FROM CLERK TO GENERAL.— PLASSEY, PONDICHERRY AND QUEBEC. — THE FRENCH ARE RUNNING. — GENERAL WOLFE'S DEATH-CRY: "GOD BE PRAISED I DIE CONTENT! — FRENCH HYPOCRISY.— A BULLYING ULTIMATUM. — NERO'S FIDDLE. —THE QUA DRILATERAL HIERARCHY. — THE PACT OF LONDON.— THE SINO-JAPANESE LESSON. — ALEXANDER'S EMPIRE REBUILT ON A BORDER-FORAY. — THE WORLD'S CAN CER. — HIRELINGS AND CATSPAWS.—THE DEVIL'S CAUL DRON. — THE SARAJEVO'S MURDER. — THE EMPEROR'S PROPHESY.— SEED-BED OF CRIMINALS. — THE ALBIGEN SES OF TO-DAY. ^ (Part 3) (Continued from last issue) The Anglo - Indian Kipling, should know what strange bed fellows English and French have always been. While Italians and English have never been at war with each others since the Roman conquest of England, France and England have always been fighting bet ween them, all over the world. Robert Clive (another great parvenu risen from clerk to ge neral) the saviour of British In dia and the victor of Plassey knew the French proclivities for political intrigues when he said, "there would never be peace in In dia as long as there remained a single Frenchman*'. For this reason when the ca ptured French —Indian settle ment of Pondicherry was handed back to France at the end of the seven years war it was on con dition that France was not to keep troops anywhere in India or meddle in native affairs. General Wolfe, another British hero and conqueror of Quebec must have shared the opinion of Clive when mortally wounded at the begining of the fight on hear ing that the French were on the run, he exclaimed before expir ing: "God be praised, I die con tent." French and English spiritual fusion, is a myth for babies, or senile people like Kipling, but will convince no student of world's history and phycology, except perhaps Mr. Wickham Stead,long- since turned into a political "go-getter" of the Bal kans, at the bidding of France. Now let us return to "Observer' who wants the world to believe that a Prime Minister of His Majesty the King of England Mr. Ramsay MacDonald is a gul lible fool, to be so easily taken in by a mere parvenu like Mus solini, who — to use a colloquia lism — put one over him, in the Rome's political parley. "Observer" is hand and glove with France, in her rank hypo- crisy and blatant impudence on this matter. France is at her fa vourite game of "pulling the world's leg", and has "Observer" to barrack for her most enthu siastically. France shows her faith and sincerity by accepting on the whole or "in principle" — to use diplomatic language — Mussolini's proposal only to re ject it in fact and stultify it entirely. What good faith!. .What sound logic. France while accepting "on principle" Mussolini's four Power Pact duly smashes it to pieces, by saying that she repu diates the idea of a hyerarchy of nations to dictate laws to Europe. Of course not The Quai D' Orsay prefers that this dominat ing hyerarchy be composed by only one Power. France herself, as we have seen in that political ly despicable, bullying and pro vocative "ultimatum" to Austria on the Hirtenberk incident, which ended flat as a pricked bubble. The french note — a document not of "Machiavellian" ethic but of gross, boorish hypocrisy —says that such a Pact should be based on the principles of "equality between nations" as set down by the League of Nations and the Kellog's Pact. Equality of Nations?.. What impudence, when since 1919 Fran ce is fighting tooth and nails for the right to deny political equali ty to Germany, Austria and Hun gary, when the disarmament plan which was to relieve the world of its cripling burden and war peril, has been sabotaged a gain and again by France stub bornly and truculently, denying Italy parity of armaments? The co-operation of the Four Powers, says France, would bear fruits only if instead of leading to the revision of Treaties, it would tend to consolidate them. More leg-pulling— No more cynical statement of glaring hy pocrisy and rank perfidy than this, could be made by this lying French diplomacy that tries to bluff gullible French worshippers like "Observer" and Kipling by declaring that she ... accepts Mussolini's Four-Power Pact "on principle" wninn«; ... the rivision of existing treaties on which the Pact is based! - France like Nero plays the fid- ! die while ... Europe burns, and such sheer lunacy and callous dis regard for the worlds* safety and peace, is acclaimed and lauded as the quintessence of an ideal wise and upright policy by such as Kipling, Stead and "Observer". I Let them preserve the "trea ties" not revise them, says Fran ce. .. Here is where — another colloquialism — she lets the cat out of the bag. All the thinking world is convinced that these treaties are unjust, inapplicable, the cause of the present srave political topsy-turvy, and a po tential menace for the peace of the world. Roosevelt, Mussolini, Hitler, MacDonald, the leaders of the four greatest powers of the world, advocates the revision of such iniquitous treaties, France alone in her dastardly, usual op position says No!... let the whole world perish, but don't upet her Balkan - scheeming. France, upright sensitive France full of mid—Victorian pruderie I and squirmishness when it comes te delegate a hierarchy of four power to revise these treaties, is quite willing to discard the "sa cred principles" accept and wel come such a hierarchy, when to [be used to keep such iniquitous treaties intact! Such is the sincerity of that French Macchiavellian diploma cy, which is now (another bluff and leg-pulling) sending to Was hington to confer with Roosevelt on war debts, the ex Prime Mini ster Herriot who was lately forced to resign, for having taken the only honorable, just stand ing on this burning question. Italy not France has a para mount interest in the Balkan Peninsula a fact which was ful ly recognised by Great Britain, France and Russia in the Pact of London in 1913, yet in spite of this pact to which France was a.' signatory, it is she and not Italy that stir up that devil's cauldron of the Balkans, brewing fierce rivalries and international intri gues highly detrimental to a world's peace. Italy — and we presume Mac Donald too — believs that a Fe deration of the Balkan States being Utopian an out of question owing to mutual hatred and jea lousies, and the tutelage of the League of Nation purely theori cal and inpotent as we has seen in the Sino-Japanese conflict,the four great Powers interested in peace should excercise jointly a much-needed benevolent but se vere supervision and insist on the troublesome Balkan States keeping peace and order. To decry this as unlawful su- zerainty by a hierarchy of four Powers, as France and "Obser ver" do, is mere cant, and bla tant hypocrisy. It Is tantamount to accuse the police of violating private liberty by keeping sus pects law-breakers under obser vation and control. An oligarchy or hierarchy of powers capable of keeping law and order in the Balkans in the interest of peace and for the sa- fety of the world by preventing Macedonian upstarts and Serbi- an bandits scheeming to rebuilt the Empire of Alexander on the basis of a murderous foray on the border, is a thing that we all should desire in the interest of civilisation. The Sydney's Telegraph "Ob server" has no time for parvenu -leaders, bu he simply loves parvenus nations pompously cal- led by him, France's "Eastern European Allies". How much bet ter it sounds than Balkan peasant or brigand, petty states, or plain Balkan-states. The Balkans ... the most dan- gerous fields for adventure, the virulent "cancer" of this world without peace, where mighty mi litary France goes to seek Allies — those Eastern-European Allies — to serve as hirelings and cats paws for her trouble-brewing po- licy. For any self-respecting respon sible great power like France to stir up the "devil's cauldron" of the warlike Balkans is sheer trea son to the world's peace! It was done by Czarist Russia and the whole world paid the penalty with the most bloody war in hi story. France in her reckless policy of unsatiable greed of power, sour hate and blind terror, has taken the place of Russia in stirring up these truly upstart peasants — brigands-warrior of the Balkans — the war plague spot — of Eu rope, to start another general conflagration and "Observer" to spite that parvenu Mussolini, wants the world to preserve this precious "Little Entente" in the spirit of Anglo-French "entente cordiale" how touching? 'Observer" most probably has forgotten — how soon — that it was Serbia, the big brother in Little Entente, that started the great war with the murder of the Archduke heir to the throne, by Princips in the fatal "Piazza dei Signori" in Sarajevo. Italy has not, nor Mussolini either, he knows tbe Balkans better than "Observer" or Kip ling: and hence the astonishing feature of the MacDonald -Mus solini Pact, that it completely ignores the little Entente, even if pompously styled: "France's Eastern European Allies"! The pre-war Serbia which was to be the post-war Jugo-Slavia urged on by Czarist Russia was then scheeming and intriguing against Austria as she is now scheeming and conspiring a gainst Italy, urged on by milita- rist France. In the "ultimatum" of the Em peror Franz Joseph of Australia to Serbia — which was consider ed harsh those alycion days of fat peace—there are some words of bitter indictment which to day smacks of prophesy. Wrote the hoary aggrieved Monarch to the Kaiser: "The murder of my nephew is the direct conseguence of the agitation conducted by Russian and Serbs Panslavs. The policy of peace to be main taned by all the monarchs of Eu- rope will be shattered as long as this seed-bed of criminal unrest remains tolerated and unpunish ed in Belgrade". How true even to-day! . .. The Serbs or Jugoslavs, are the Albi- genses of to-day afflicted by a virulent germ of eternal strife and mad chaotic destructiveness they are temperamentally always "fed up" and wanting to hurt or smash even themselves. They are a potential peril to themselves and the world at lar- ge, and as such one almost wishes that some modern theologians could — to ensure the peace of the world — exterminate them with the stake and the gallows as were the Albigenses of yore. The Balkan Peninsula, this turbolent cockit of a mosaic and warring coteries of petty races, not yet evolved from Moorish savagery and where a bloodmist has always steamed up from its gory glen and strife, pillage, rape are raimpant must be severely controlled by the leading powers, not given a free hand to plot and destroy the peace of the world, which is a greater and dearer thing to civilisation than French greed or hegemony and Jugo- slavia's mad dream of territorial conquest. Italicus (To be continued) 