 THIRD TEST MATCH BEGINS TO-DAY Australians the More Powerful Combination BROMLEY SUFFERING FROM APPENDICITIS OLD TRAFFORD REMINISCENT OF SYDNEY GROUND From the Special Representative Australian Press- Association- LONDON, 4th ' July. | Unless the weather and the toss come potently to the aid pi England Aus tralia's chance in the Test match at Manchester is good. Australia- has the advantage of choosing an eleven with out much question of physical fitness, fnr urnmlp.v. in anv event, probably would be omitted. Apart from Woodfull, who does not look well, having lost weight, and is still suffering from a sore throat, all are in the best of condition. It Is fortunuatc such kcymen as Wall and Oldficld have rested in eight and nine 'matches respectively out of the six- r.ppn while l,u-n nut nf three of England's nominated fast bowlers ore in doubtful health. Wall ought to be full of zest at Manchester, not having bowled since 23rd June. There is much talk of the Old Trafford wicket being as easy as a cushion and unsullcd to fast bowlers, but the experience of both sides in the current season shows that speed bowl ing lias been a great force, ever since the success of Eaxter, who is only medlum-fnst, in the Lancashire match against Australia. In the possession of Verity England has an outstanding asset if the wicket is wet, but Australia in normal conditions looks more powerful in batting, equally good In bowling and superior in fielding. At the beginning of the season the Aus tralian fielding was disappointing, but I the progressive improvement led to real distinction at Lord's, where catches were missed only by players whose blunders I are rare. There is. no record of Chlp- perfield having missed a catch on the tour. Kippax's stock is rising in -view of his i Oval display. His inclusion could only be in place of Darling, who is such a 'speedy and safe outfielder. Darling's omission would mean a loss of fielding efficiency. There nrc good omens for Australia in the improved form of Woodfull and Bradman's apparent ' recovery of sta- bility as demonstrated at the Oval. The Australians usually feel at home at Old Traflopd, where there is the unusual English concession of sight boards at cither end. The outfield Is excellent, and the appearance of the ground is mildly reminiscent of Sydney. It remains only for a repetition of the un-Manchcsterlikc weather which favored the Lancashire maccn to complete the picture. BROMLEY'S ILLNESS. X-ray Reveals Appendix Trouble. The X-ray examination reveals that Bromlev has armen- dlcitis. It lias not been decided whether ail early operation Is necessary, as an operation would mean he would be unlikely to play again during the tour. Meanwhile Brorolcy is able to play. ... though the latent appendicitis largely explains his recent failures. E. Bromley. Bromley .has accompanied the team :o Manchester, but tt. is unlikely he will be chosen to play In the Test match. j; LANGRIDGE UNFIT. But Plays Against Sussex. . Although James Langritlgc was able : to. bowl in Sussex's match against Wor cestershire to-day ho states the risk of his ankle giving out precludes his availa- bility ror the Test match. Clark -to 'Attend - at Manchester. Sir Stanley Jackson, chairman of the English selection committee, states that though there are some doubts as to Clark's fitness, he wiU attend at Man chester. He has heard nothing about other players. The team will be chosen from those already Invited. Invitation to Paynter. LONDON, 6th July. The English selectors have invited 'E Paynter- (Lancashire) to attend "at Man chester. with a view 'to inclusion in t'he third Test team. OFFER TO MRS. WOODFULL Trip to England on Orient Liner. The Orient liner lias offered Mrs. Woodfull a passage from Melbourne to Naples In the R.M.S. Omnia, arriving oil 19th September, to join her husband hi. London, returning with the team in the Orontes. As Mrs. Woodfull would arrive after the conclusion of the official tour, it is hoped the Board of Control, whose sanction is awaited, will not raise any objection. It is recalled that the beard permitted her to go to Colombo to join her hus band at the end of the 1930-tcur. Wood- full has consulted the remainder of the team, who are heartily In agreement with the proposal. 