 THE WOOL SALES SYDNEY OPENING ON AUGUST 27 London Auctions to be Resumed To-day At the Joint conference of the Na- tional Council of Wool Selling Brokers and the Australian Growers' Council, held last week, it was decided that, if circumstances permit, wool catalogues should be submitted in the Brisbane market as early as possible after the opening of the London sales, which is to take place to-day, July 3. The object of this was, if possible, to clear out of the road half of the carry-over wool available in the Brisbane market, leaving from 40,000 to 50,000 bales of old wool to be offered at a series of sales in Brisbane commencing on Aug- ust 20, that is, a week ahead of the original date selected for the opening of the Australian sales of the 34/35 season In the Sydney market. In fur- therance of this a notification has now come to hand from the Brisbane Wool Selling Brokers to the effect that they have decided to hold sales commenc- ing on July 10. Under this arrange- ment the original date for the com- mencement of auctions in Sydney, i.e., August 27, will be adhered to. The Farmers and Graziers' Co-op. Co. reports that for the London sales opening on July 3, there are at present 169,000 bales available, and it is ex- pected that about 100,000 bales will be catalogued. The new arrivals include 21,600 bales from Australia, and as the carry-over from the previous series was small, it appears that there will be only a moderate quantity of merino wool available for these sales. A considerable quantity of passed-in wool from the Brisbane auctions has been recently lifted by Japan at prices fully on parity with May rates. This is satisfactory as sales held subse- quently in other centres found the market distinctly lower than it was in the northern centre. This activity on the part of the Japanese section bears out the belief that Japan urgently re- quires wool; it further suggests that Japanese action in holding off the mar- ket during March and May was no- thing more nor less thin a gesture in connection with the claims being made for larger purchases by Australia of Japanese manufactured goods. There is every indication that for the needs of her own populace Japan is likely to require more and more wool. At all events it is said that advantages of wool over other textiles to which the Japanese have been accustomed are so apparent that the development of its use for clothing purposes which has already taken place will be greasy ex- ceeded in the years to come. While it is expected that the forth- coming Australian wool clip will show some increase over that of last season, always, of course, subject to favour- able seasonable conditions in the in- terval, no increase can be looked for so far as South Africa is concerned. That country was producing over one million bales of merino wool each sea- son, but the figures for last season dropped to approximately 880,000 bales, and it is expected that the coming clip will show a further reduction. 