 London To Sydney IN ELEVEN DAYS The proposal of Imperial Airways Limited to hasten the service between London and Singapore, so as to make a regular eight-day timetable practicable either way, is of the greatest import ance to Australia (says the Sydney 'Heral&'2. Them is also the possibility that this section of the journey will be further accelerated within two or three months by another day. This will be possible at* soon as the negotiations, now almost completed, between the British and Italian Governments, have settled amic ably the route to be flown by the Im perial Airways' services over Italy. At present the Italian Government has political objections to any regular air service, other than national, being flown over the southern section of Italy. This has necessitated passengers by air routes to or from India or South Africa travelling from Paris to Brindisi. by train. With a direct flight from Lou don to the Italian airport to be de cided, upon, it will be possible to ex pedite both the Indian and South Afri can service by another day. This will brine Singapore within seven days of London. The distance from London to Singa pore by air ia officially calculated at 8648 miles. This will give an average daily flight of slightly lees than 1250 miles. Some days it would be more and some less. The air journey from Singapore to Sydney is about 4800. On the same basis that flight should not occupy more than four days. This would bring Sydney within li days of London. BRISBANE-SINGAPORE. According to the provisions of the tender schedule submitted by the Fede ral Government to tenderers for the Brisbane-Singapore section of the jour ney between Australia and London, the managers of the service may provide for a six days' journey between Bris bane and Singapore. This gives an average daily flight of slightly over 700 miles. This is considered absurdly low having regard to the speeds of modern commercial aircraft, many of which can make up to 150 miles per hour when carrying an ordinary pay load. It is urged that there ig no reason why, with the approval of the Federal Government, the contractors for the new service should not be able to make the Brisbane-Singapore flight within four days, making the starting and landing times such as will permit pas sengers from Sydney to join the out ward aeroplane the day of leaving, and on the day of arrival to leave Brisbane in time for Sydney to be reached be fore dark. That would give a two-way 11-day service between Sydney and London, which is the least the users of that service have a right to expect from the Government and the organisers of the service. Dissatisfaction is felt in aviation and commercial circles at the delay of the Federal Government in making an an nouncement as to when the Brisbane Singapore section of the service is likely to commence. The tend- ? forms pro vide for an interval of six months for \he suerepstul tenderer to organise the service from the date of the acceptance of the tender. If the matter be delayed much longer by the Federal Government there is a possibility that the service will not be organised until the end of the present year. There were anticipa tion*, encouraged by the Government, that the service would be in operation in -Tune next. The responsibility for the inaugura tion of the service now rest* with the Federal Government. 