 IN SIX DAYS London to Darwin Contractors' Hopes SYDNEY, April 21. Mr. A. E. Rudder, director of (Juantas Empire Airways .Limited, which has secured the Singapore- Darwin-Brisbane air mall contract, stated that the company hoped to transport mall passengers from Lon don to Darwin in six days. This could be achieved by eliminating some of the stopping places now used and by flying at night. He said there were at present 24 scheduled stopping places between Singapore and Brisbane, but many of these were certain to -be eliminated in order to reduce time. He declared that the passenger traffic avail able from London to Singapore was already. taxing the accommodation of the Astrea class of monoplanes to the utmost. "At present," said Mr. Rudder, "sec tions of the Empire route from London are being equipped for regular night flying ana as a result planes now flvlng 800 miles a day will travel for from 16 to 20 hours a day towards Australia. This means that the travelling time will be reduced by more than 50 per cent" The company will require for the Singapore-Brisbane service 20 Austra lians, two of whom will be "captains" and 10 assistant . pilots and radio offi cers. r , Tenders Compared CANBERRA, April 21. A difference of £44,483 lay between two tenders received by the Federal Government for the Singapore-Dar win-Brisbane eectlon of the England- Australia air service. Qantas Empire Airways, who secured the contract, submitted four proposals, and the only other tenderer (the Ulm-Brearley or ganisation) submitted six. The Ulm- Brearley tender for tbe same number of DH. 86 air craft as were offered by Qantas . was f 272,961, against £228,478. AVOID MONOPOLY. The Government separated the Singapore-Darwin-Brisbane and the Brisbane-Charlevllle-Cootamundra ser vices against the advice of the Air Control Committee, which comprised Colonel T. J. Thomas (finance secre tary of the Defence Department), Mr. M. M. Maguire (assistant secretaiy of the Defence Department), Captain E. C. Johnston (Controller of Civil Aviation), and Mr. A. J. Smith (sec retary of tho Contract Board). The committee said tbe tender of Qantas for the complete service (£339,486) was "outstanding and should he ac cepted." In giving the Internal con tract to Mr. A. C. Butler the Gov ernment explained that it desired to avoid any tendency to monopoly. 