 CABINET TO DISCUSS LONDON POLICY Important Meetings To Begin Today DELEGATION'S PLANS Mr. Lyons May Join Ship In Adelaide FOUNDATION DAY ADDRESS SYDNEY, January 28. The Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) paid a brief visit to Sydney today, ar-&lt;*> riving from Canberra in the morning and leaving in the afternoon, after speakins at the official luncheon at toe anniversary regatta. . Although he will have to attend sit tings of th 2 Federal Cabinet in Can berra and Melbourne in the next fort night Mr. Lyons said that be would visit Sydney again before sailing for England by the Otranto, which will leave Melbourne on February 19. He will probably join the vessel in Ade laide. The policy to be adopted by the Aus tralian delegation. wh;ch will be led by Mr. Lyons, in the negotiations on marketing an-i trade matters, to take place in London, will be discussed by the Federal Cabinet at the meeting, which will begin In Canberra tomor row afternoon. Mr. Lyons referred to crit-cism of th? iTicl"s'cn of public servants among the r.dvisers to the Australian dale- Kation. The conference at Ottawa, he said, had proved that officers of the Departments of Trade and Cus toms and of Commerce, who were In the closest touch with trade matters affectan? the Government, were in valuable during the negotiations. The delegation would alss include a direct representative of the primary pro ducers. He would be relucted by th * Cabinet, and the primary producers could be assured that their interests would be adequately represented. Referring to a supffe-rtion that, whi!-= in Eneland. he would urge that th." next Imperial Conference should be held in Austrrlia, Mr. Lyons said that while it would be pleasing to the Com monwealth to have such a eatherin^ here, there would be difficulties in arranging for Ministers from Britain and from other parts of the Emrrre to travel to Australia. Another diffiTu'.t would be that there was not sufficient accommodation at Canberra to enable a gathering1 of such a size and of such importance to be held there. When Ministers meet in Canberra tomorrow, consideration trill be raven to the fse'ine that has been expressed In some political qurvrt?rs that the n? leeaticn to London should include a C P. Minister. pos&lt;=iblv the Minister for Commerce (Dr. Page). The Import ance to the nrtoorv producers and to Australia ps a whole of the deess!ons on marketing end trade that will be reached in London is such *hat C l 3 supnorte-e reaVss the ner?-.sitv for en suring that, vhp^evpr th^ decisions might he. th?y should have the ap proval of both the tr.A .P. jencj the C.P Hope For Fnture "When v t e cease to have difficulties to .meet," .?aid the Prime Minister at the official luncheon of toe Sydney an n-veisary regatta, "we snail have ceased to progress. I see the future full of complications for Australia, as a nation, but I see it also lull of hooe." Proposing the tcast of "The Day We Celebrate," Mr. Lyons said that the ceiebraiiou today was not only of the four.as.-ion of a colony as a nation The occasion was not one lor party poli ties, raid he proposed, thereiore, to devote himself to an examination ol Australia's growth into nationhood, wita a reicrence to her preseni. national problems and a glance into the iuture. "There is no longer any doubt that Australia is a nation," said Mr. Lyons. "The first real indication el this came when she took her place beside her sister Dominions during the war. Later events have seen a gradual but very sure development of nationhood. We consult with the British Government, with other Dominions, and with foreign countries on terms of equality. Since its inauguration in 1920, we have been a member of the League of Nations, and we have been represented at every meeting of the League Assembly, and at nearly all conferences of the Inter national Labor Organisation. Since 1933 Australia has been one of the 10 non-permanent members of the League Council. "Thus, we see," he continued, "that today Australia takes her place by right, beside the great nations of the world. With them she plays her part in snaplii^ ihe destinies of the post war world. "Last year Mr. Latham, on behalf of the Commonwealth, undertook a most successful diplomatic mission to the East. It was the first tone that any Dominion had sent such a mission to a foreign country. It afforded fur tiler proof, if further proof were neces sary, of Australia's full attainment of the status of nationhood. But while we are a nation proud and jealous of our position, we are still members partners, should I say—of that great organisation, the British Common wealth of Nations, bound together by no cast-iron laws, but by something more powerful—the ties of common ancestry and common ideals, and the possession of a common heritage We believe that this great Empire must and will advance unitedly to still greater heights oi glory; each com ponent part taking its share in the work of progress." Important Consultations Mr. Lyons said that he would like to stress the importance of consulta tions with the British Government. In recent months, he said, there had been almost continuous consultation between the British and Australian Government en the subject of market ing. Britain has decided upon a c-r -taln poJcy or agricultural development a?d there w?re aspects of that policy which might conflict with what Aus tralians believed to be necessary to the development of their country "What I desire to emphasise," h? eaid. "is that Britain, in consulting w> recognises two things: First, that -we are a self-governing nation with, rights of our own in matters of trade: and second, that we are partners in the Empire, directly affected by anything done by other members of that paio nership. I do not think anything could more clearly demonstrate the extent to which we have progressed from our Old colonial status. "We have been in constant com munication by cable, by telephone and by letter. Now we are going further, and very shortly there will be direct personal consultations between repre sentative of the two Governments For that reason, we are leaving Aue traha in a-few weeks time—a month esrJer than had been Intended origin ally. I shaj have ?with me the Mm'&lt;= He rnSGuIIe rm.? f *** **"** ?*' Royal Jnbaee "The primary uojucl ol our visit, ol course, is u> aueuu, at the invitation of tne .briuij Ouverninent the cere monies associated with Lac Jubilee of His Majesty tua King," continued Mr. Lyons. "We must an rejoice at the successful accomplisnment of 25 yeais of his reign, which nas earned the ad miration oi millions of loyal subjects. During a period when thrones aave tottered and monarchies vanished, our beloved King has gone from strength to strength, till today the Britisa Throce stands solid as the Rock of Gibraltar, its occupant an in spiring example to the world. "I consider it a very great nonor indeed to be able to represent Austra lia, whose loyalty I shall convey to His Majesty at the Jubilee." "By the way," added the Prime Minuter in conclusion, "there has been some criticism of the size of the Aus tralian d2l?gatiou to go to Britain. The delegation v.c are sending away is not as big as t.-.at which you sent away to bring back the Ashes, but we hope to bring' back something more than ashes." 