 I/4IR MAIL SERVICE I 1 " I .. Seven Days .>;/ Visit (Btish'DeIegdtidn | By "The Telegraph" Special Representative j .. DARWIN,. February 21. j TTiree members of the joint Post Office 'and Air Ministry delegation from Britain arrived at Darwin. yes terday1 afternoon' as .passengers on the Qantas .Com? :. tnonwealth' clai83 air -liner which was in charge of Cap- . tain A, B. H, Youell, of : Imperial Airways. They were Sir Frederick Williamson (Director of Postal Services, -.Ceneral Post- Office, London) , Mr. Francis . Bertram (Deputy/ Director of Civil Aviation, Britain) , ; and Mr. Loel Guinness, M.P., partly private secretary to the Director of Civil Aviation (Sir Philip Sassoon). The object of the delegation's visit is to explain " fully to the Australian authorities the British, scheme . for the. carriage by air of all first-class mail matter on the Iniperial air routes at a postage rate of, 1 |d. a half-;. ' punce. Itxis hoped to inaugurate this scheme ,iii ; 1 937 !' and.to have an.air msdl service twice a week between London and Australia, iflyihg day arid night and cover- ,- Ing the distance between London mid Sydney in seven days.' \ //. The members of the delegation were the first batch' of passengers to bo car ried' right to, Australia -by the recently inaugurated' air mail service. ' The.plaiM was a day late In arriving at DarWin, It was' explained that vheavy fogs- at Cal cutta' and Akyab, in-' Burma had caused delays which, resulted:- -in tha" Imperial Airways Atlanta type plane 'arriving" a day - late at Singapore! DARWIN, RECEPTION. ... For the first time the new .admlnikra? tion; building at. the. Darwin aerodromp was. used for the. reception of the/pas- sengers !ahd crew. - They '.bad 'to': pass through' the quarantine' section, for exam ination and then have their .baggage in spected by, the Customs. 'The building is hot yet completed, but the trial yesterday shows that lt will facilitate the formaU- ties- llie delegates were wearing light tropical clothes, Mr. '.Guinness, the. most youthful member .of ! the', party.vwearing a cool woollen' shirt oiien at the neck'and flannels. They remained' lii Darwin over- night but left before dawn this morning with - the Qantas Commonwealth ' class liner', which is waiting at Darwih'for the mails. Cap tain' Russell Tapp.ofQantas, will be -in charge. Sir Edwiurd Campbell, partly private secretary . to the Post master-General is still at> Singapore, hilt will-come on in the -air: mail ,plane next week. The delegation will proceed straight "to Brisbane and will then go to Sydney. They will;be'.in Australia about a . fort night. Sir Frederick Williamson and Sir Edward Campbell will go: on to-New Zea land and Canada by steamer, but the Air Ministry delegates will fly .back to -England. . ;. , - - BBmsa SCHEME. : Sir Frederick Williamson, . explaining the British scheme, $aid that ' beginning in- 1937 all first class air mail was to be carried by air: and none by steamer at -aU. This, applied to ail..- ' Imperial . air routes .on which Imperial Airways and its associated 'companies' ' planes , were flying. 'There ,yrould be . two. services to Australia'each week- instead .of one as at present.. Tne mail Services should, be more frequent than, twice' vieekly nearer to England.' ' The speed should be in creased aqd'. larger- planes used in the routes.':.- J The scheme aimed at cutting down the time between London , and Sydney ' to seven". days."lt was proposed to inaugur ate day and night flying and the post-' age be fixed at lid. a'haif oz. ' At pre sent the.' postage "on first class mail mat ter, :not ate mail, was lid. an oz. DOMINION CO-OPERATION. i It was proposed in Australia, con tinued Sir Frederic Williamson, to make contact with the Ministers . concerned "and other- high officials and discuss the scheme in "its fullest detail. It was hoped to secure Australia's ''co-opera tion. The Air Ministry delegates, of course, would: discuss -all' the technical details, such : as ground organisation, aerodromes, communications, &c. "This' is a. very definite scheme," he said. "There is still a great deal of de tail to be worked out, and it all de pends upon .the co-operation of the various Dominion Governments, A twice weekly service of seven days between Sydney .arid London is ' something to look forward to' and is worth the ex pense." . ' COMFORTABLE PLANES. \ "The Commonwealth class - air liner is one of the most comfortable planes I have ever travelled in," said Sir Frederick. "It has a very nice cruising speed.: We were doing 140. miles an hour over the Timor Sea and took.- just urider four hours to come 'frbih-.Koepang. The air mail be tween Australia and London -is increas ing in volume rapidly. With the weight of the mail -we had to be extremely care ful regarding "eur load on the' plane. The Commonwealth" class plane is carrying at least as heavy a load as the Atlanta type of plane." - LAND PLANES OB FLV1NG BOATS7 "We have wanted this scheme for a considerable' time," said -Mr. .Bertram. As a result of negotiations already car ried out in Britain, and now. that the Air Ministry has come into the scheme, we are hoping to make' the' change in 1937. We cannot do it before that. I cannot' 'say; definitely_what type of planes, will ' be used. This is at present under consideration by Imperial - . Air ways, t who are' deciding whether - it would . be i desirable to use land planes or tolng .boats. ' It is also' bound -up in the , question : of : co-operation -between the three -companies operating the Aus? trallan route, Imperial Ateways, jfadian Transcontinental" Airways, and -Qantas Empire Airways. ' We . are - ainung; at -. a crufsing speed of round-about 140 miles an. hour' in 1937. There is ' no "chance of it before; The : Commonwealth class planes have a cruising speed of nearly 140 miles' ari hour. They are the fastest planes at . present on the route, put bigger machines' will helped. _ "It -is the intention that- Australia shouldbe responsible "for all 'ground organisation, wireless, and meteorolo gical ' services on the Singapore-Darwin section. Australia will, , of i course, have to co-operate , with the Dutch regarding aerodromes " in' the Dutch East Indies. ' . ' -'. - .VACCDfATION,' "We- did not find any undue delay with the quarantine and Customs formalities at, .Darwin. The Aus tralian regulation for vaccination against smallpox: may ; prove bother some" later, especially -if - visitors are not Informed along the route. We were not lnformed-'before leaving Lon don but fortunately we had already been vaccinated. I can visualise, lopg lines of people sleeping on the aero drome In the. future waiting to be vaccinated." . ; , . . '-i ACROSS- THE - (T1MOB- -J.-V- ''Sir' Frederick Wliliainson .said that the weather was still, a big problem on the air mall route. They had passed through some extraordinarily bad weather. Meteorological services were of extreme importance. Travelling all the way. from London by air was in teresting because of the great range of country . seen, -but it was mono tonous at times. . The Timor cross ing was the worst for the passengers because they feared the long ocean crossing with' no -sign of land. He had been grateful when it was over. He had thought the plane was never going toi reach- the other side. In Burma- the jungle was amazingly dense, and in one swatnp alligators were seen, splashing about. LORD SEMPILL'S PLANE. He had ' seen Lord Sempill's plane on the north-east coast of Java. Lord Sempill had been forced to land in a clearing- and for some .time was miss ing. The Dutch had sent out search planes from Batavia. The plane in which they were travelling had circled about Lord Sempill's Moth for some time, but it was seen that the plane had been tied down. Apparently Lord Sempill' had gone off somewhere. It was in about the only part of Java that was uninhabited. All the other parts were densely populated. . ! PERSONALITIES. . Mr. Loel Guinness, who is quite a young, man, : is himself an aviator1 and owns his own plane. He is a keen stu dent of all aviation matters. All -three members of the - delegation, which is unique, are' interesting personalities. Sir Frederick Williamson, who is stoutish, fires off questions and answers them like a machine gun. Mr. Bertram is serious- faced and gives the impression of intense concentration on the matter in hand. Mr. Guinness is debonair and bright and an interesting conversationalist Each is making his first visit to Australia. 