 LONDON-SYDNEY IN SEVEN DAYS. New Flying Boats. 190 MILES AN HOUR. The flying boats being built in England for the England-Australia service will have a guaranteed speed of 190 miles an hour. Imperial Airways are aiming at a seven days' journey between London and Sydney twice weekly. The matter is under consideration by the Federal Cabinet now sitting in Canberra. Mr. A. E. Rudder, Australian representative of Imperial Airways, Ltd., stated last night that he cabled to his principals in London that considerable misunderstanding seemed to exist in Australia regarding the speed of the flying boats now being built for Imperial air services. He asked for an authoritative state- ment. A cable received last n'ght stated that the speed of the new flying boats was guaranteed at a maximum of 190 miles per hour flying at an altitude of 5000 feet. Twenty-nine of these flying boats are to be built. Twelve have been ordered and are in course of construction. They will be fitted with four engines. Each boat will have accommodation for 24 passengers seated and sleeping facilities for 16. It is proposed, when the service has been reorganised, and night flying is provided for, to have a seven days' journey between Sydney and London, and to run the service twice weekly in both directions. At present there Is a bi-weekly aerial mail service between London and Singapore. The commencement of the bi-weekly service from Singapore to Sydney is in abeyance pending a decision by the Federal Government. New land 'planes being built for Imperial air services will have a similar speed and accommodation for 27 passengers with sleeping facilities for 20. CHRISTMAS MAILS. The Deputy Director of Postal Services (Mr. Duncan) stated last night that any per- son who missed the aerial mail to London yes- terday could still send a message for delivery by air mall hi London before Christmas. Th- ean be done by telegraphing a message to the Postmaster at Darwin, who will enclose the message In an envelope and post by the ah- mail from there. The cost Is that of the telegram plus the aerial mall postage be- tween Darwin and London. 