 LONDON TO SYDNEY. -- -~ Ilb Four Days Probable. sNW that the first Epipire flying bpqt is in thp jiir, the acc leration of Empire emnnuunleations Ies ceased to be a thing of the futqre. It has be conmp estahslshd in the present. The serylee cruising speed of these boats, wh!ich was pcift ed in the ori ginad contract to be not less than 145 4!.p.h., has been established at more thip 160 m.p.h., and .4 top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. has been obtained. Witll these boats it will be possible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealrafl ii flv days, fropu Lon =don. The figures are obtained from the cruising speed ip 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vistly !mlprpved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule, and a service faster than peyep days is un likely for at least three years after the beginping of the service. In the old days: re-fuelling would have taken longer tlhan the four hours "spare" each day, but nowadays this essential service hps been reduced to minutes. There is a float at Athens wlichll etlp plmip fuel into a fiying boat at the rate of nearly 5,000 gal lons an hour. On that basis, re-fuell ing would occupy about 20 minutes three times each day. The general use of flying boats by ln!perial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and passengers will live on board the flying-boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval. Aus tralia-through tile contractor-will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in histdry, regu Iar service plaNnes hearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regu lar points-in similar manner to the railwaysb-ut it is hoped to perfect a scheme whereby all pilots. including the Australians, beconme conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment. the new fly ing boats will carry more efficient navigating equipment than the great ocean' liners. Apart from an auto-1 matic pilotr there will be dlireetional and beanll wireless equipment. radio compass. and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safetly and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route. the plan is to carry 16 passen gers-the fare is £160. plus exchnnge -and to reserve .3?! tons for carriage of malls and freight. Mr. R. I. Argyle, a former member of the State Parliament and a brother of the present leader of the Opposi tion (Sir S. Argyle) died on Thursday at his residence, Bayfield Park, Bays water, at the age of 76 years. 