 LONDON TO SYflNEY IN rOim DAYS PROBABLE.- I Now that the first: Empire boat i» i in the air, the acceleration of Him- j ptre corn rami leal ions has ceased to j be a thing of the future. It has he- J corqe nuteblished in the present. , The soVvlce cruising speed of these boats, wljicli was specified In thfc original oontraef to be not less than 145 m.p.h.. bus been eBtabllphed at *nore than 160 m.p.h. and a top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. "has 11 been obtained., Wltli these boats r It Will he possible to roach Sydney j' in four dayB, and New Zealand in fi«, /l»ye, from Ijondon, ~ The fi^urea are obtained from the cruising speed ^ 2.0 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly Improved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule . and a service faster than seven days is unlikely for at least three yetrs after the beginning of tfe.8 service. In the old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the tour hours "spare" each day, but nowadays, this essential service has been reduced to minutes. The Shell Company has a float at Athens i which can pump fuel into a flying ^ ; boat at the rate of nearly 5000 I gallons au hour. On that basis, re fuelling wiould occupy about .20 minutes three times each day. The general use of flying boats by Im perial Airways will result in a di rect reversal of their previous pol icy, The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zea land, and passengers will live on heat in exactly the same way as (hey live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Aus-1 tralia-ithrough the contractor- ' will operate at least two boats I right through to England. For the first time in history, regular service planes bearing the Australian re gistration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regular points-In simi lar manner to the railways-but It is hoped to perfect a scheme where by all pilots, including the Aus tralians, become conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment, the new flying boats will carry more efficient navigating equipment than the great ocean ' liners. Apart from an automatic! pilot, there will be directional and beam wireless equipment, radio compass, and a homing device. It is claimed that, the boat can land safely and floa&lt; in flie heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry 16 pas sengers-the fare is £160, plus ex oliange-and to reserve 3 Ms tons for narrlage of malls and freight. 