 SEVEN DAYS TO SYDNEY FROM LONDON SEAPLANE'S AIM ON EMPIRE ROUTE ("the telegraph" special) LONDON, Sunday. SEVEN days' trips from Lon don to Sydney will be prac ticable when Imperial Airways place their , new planes into operation on Empire routes next year, declare the company's officials. The first batch of 29 high-wing monoplanes, fitted with a special Bristol Pegasus engine of 820 to 920 horse-power, with a cruising speed exceeding 150 m.p.h., is nearing com pletion at ' , Short Bros.', seaplane works on , the Medway. The first trials will take place- in April, and after that the flying-boats will be delivered: at the rate of one every three weeks. The planes have a .wing span of 114ft., and are about 885ft. long and 29ft. high. When they are in service, a seven days' schedule from London to Syd ney or Melbourne will be the ob jective, allowing for long halts for refuelling and delays due to weather. 4,000,000 LETTERS BRISBANE, Sunday.— It is esti mated that more' than 4,000,000 let ters have been carried between Aus tralia and England by Air Mall. Qantas to dace has carried 107,792 lb., 51101b. of which has been inter nal mail to Darwin and intermediate points. Most of the letters are a shade under half an ounce, and on this the estimate of the number of letters is based. The managing director, Mr. Hudson Fysh, said to-day that it would not be possible to estimate the extent to which freight and passengers ; would increase when -the duplication of the service was made effective, but he was certain that there would be a considerable increase, particularly .in the internal mail and passenger tr&iTic It was estimated by the Federal Government when the Brisbane to Singapore link of the Empire Air Mail service was being organised by Qantas-Empire Airways, that the mail load each trip be, for the first year, 1961b. The company's estimate was 3501b. . When the services settled down the average load for the first three months was 3951b. The present aver age to-day is 7101b., or 50 per cent, of total pay load that can be carried across the Timor Sea. 