 UONDUN ^TO SYDNEY , ' ' . i l?f! . IN B)QUR DAYS PRiOBABLE Now that tho first EniiPire flying boat is in the air, tho acceleration of BmJJlre communtfcatlonsj has ;oeased to be a thing of tho future. It has become established In the present. Whe servloe ' oruislng speed of these' boats, whldh was ^specified m the jorigtaal oontraot ,to lie not les^ than 145 m p h, haa been eatabllBb. ed at more than 160 mpl, and. a top speed of nearly 200 m p h-has been obtained. With these boats it will bUT -pos- sible' to reach Sydney ln four days, arid- New Zoaland in five days, ? from London, The figures are obtained from -the cruising speed In 80 tioui'3 flight each day, (Naturally a. vastly jmprovo4 ground 'organisation will ,l)o neces sary to give effect to such a fast soliedulo, and a service faster than - seven days is unlikely for at least three years after the beginning of the service. In the old days, refuelling would' have taken .longer than ? the ' four' hours 'spare' each day, but nowa days, this essential service has been; reduced to minutes. The' Shell Com pany has a float at. Athens which can pump,, fuel into a flying boat at tho rate of nearly 5,000 gallons per hour jOn that basis, refuelling would occupy about 20 minutes' three tim es each day. ?The 'general use of flying boatsiby Imperial Airways will result in -* direot- reversal of their previous pot loy. The one maohlne ,wlll ' fly all the way Irom London to New Zea land, and passengers will live orf board the flying boat ,in «|sa©tly the' same way as they live' at present on a steamer. Suijeot-to Cabinet's approval Aus tralla— though tho contractor .r-vdU operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, re gular service planes bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly into the new marine airport to be built : at' Southhampton. The orews will bo changed at reg ulor points — in similar manner to the railways' —but It Is hoped r to perfect a soheme whereby all pilots inoluding tho Australians, beoome conversant with every seotlon of tho route. In' point of equipment, the new. flying^ -hoaits will carry more effio ient navigating equipment than -ttio great' ocean liners. Apart from an automatic-;: pilot, thoro will be direot lonal and.... beam wireless equipment; radio compass, and a homing devioe It Is olalmed'^that the boat can land safely and tlo&f in heaviest sea. (On the Australian section of the* route, the plan is- to carry 16 passen gers--the fare. £.160, plus exohange -and to reserve three and one hair, tons for carriage of malls. and freight 