 SYD TO LONDON IN THREE DAYS Mr. J. A. MOLLISON, the noted air man, who Is visiting Australia, said in a recent speech in Sydney that there was no reason why a three-day schedule for a Sydney-London commercial air service could not be feasible in two or three years. Australia's aim, he said, should be a sche dule of not more than three days. Mr. Mollison went on to explain that the airmail contract proposed by Imperial Air ways offered Australia immediate advan tages, but the proposed tenure of 15 years called for serious consideration. Fifteen years was a lifetime in aviation. Develop ments were likely to be very rapid during the next three or four years, and progress might materially alter the outlook. While the immediate benefits to be derived from accepting the Imperial Airways proposal were undeniable, it savoured almost of selling her birthright for Australia to tie herself up to a contract extending over 15 years. There was much to be said for centralised control; but there was also no reason why it should not be possible to synchronise two remote administrations and allow both Britain and Australia each to take a fair share of the airmail contract. Mr. Mollison said that there was no doubt that the outstanding need of the Australia-England air service was speed ing-up. There were some difficulties to | be surmounted on the route, such as the j attitudes of Turkey and Syria to foreign aircraft, but he was sure these differences could be adjusted. SUCCESS OF FAIRBRIDGE Mr. Gordon Green, the secretary of the British organisation which controls the Kingsley Fairbridge farm school in Western Australia, has arrived in Sydney from London. Before coming to Sydney | Mr. Green spent two weeks in Western | Australia, and he explained the romantic1 story of how the great work of the foun der of the school, the late Mr. Kingsley Fairbridge, had been crowned with suc cess. Mr. Green said that after extraordinary difficulties the farm school founded in Western Australia and now bearing the name of the late Mr. Fairbridge had en tered upon a most successful career, and to-day a visit to the farm provided the most striking evidence of the good that had been accomplished. Not only were the young children from their distant home land trained and reared in a sym pathetic environment, but, after they liad been found employment their careers were watched and they were cared for if necessary. The highest tribute to the school was the way in which old Fair bridgians kept in touch with the school. Mr. Green painted a poignant picture of conditions in some homes in England whence came the children who were sent to Fairbridge. The utmost care, he said, was exercised in selecting the right type of child. "I am convinced," added Mr. Green, "that ultimately there will be one Fairbridge farm school in each State of Australia. Australia needs children more than any other country to-day." ! END OF THE TINGIRA The old ocean flyer Tingira is In the hands of the ship breakers. The "Sydney Morning Herald" states that experts with modern equipment are now cutting out slabs of the iron deck houses and lowering the pieces into lighters on the starboard side of the vessel. Much of the decking has already been torn up, rails have been removed, the stubby unstable fore-topmast has been taken down, and the long, 90 foot main yard, on which several venture some sailors had cut their initials in the covering of paint, has been taken away. When the three lower masts are unshipped the vessel will have passed into the hulk stage. Soon after that the Tingira will be only one of the many sea memories that belong to Port Jackson. Built in 186C by Messrs. Hall and Co., of Aberdeen, the vessel was named Sobraon. She was the second vessel to carry the name in the southern seas, her predecessor having been a barque that was engaged in the New Zealand trade in 1848. Built of the best Malabar teak and fashioned to register 2,131 tons, the Sobraon was the largest composite sailing ship to carry the red ensign. The only other teak-built clipper afloat to-day is the Cutty Sark, that was built at Dumbarton in 1869. and is three years younger than her old rival. At a cost of £8,000, the Sobraon was converted into a reformatory ship. In August. 1912, she was acquired by the Com monwealth Government as a training ship for the Australian Navy, and was renamed Tingira. When it was decided to pay off the crew and discontinue the train ing of boys, the ship was sold to Mr. Watty Ford, one of the port's most, expert ship wrights and Bhiplovers. Mr. Ford died and left the teak ship to.be disposed of by his executors. PROGRESS OF STATE The improved position of the State was the subject of a recent speech by the Min ister for Labour (Mr. Dunningham). He said that the State budgetary position was being stabilised, employment was gradually increasing, and rural development was re ceiving the most careful attention of the I Government. The continuation of a policy dominated by those factors, and uninter rupted by disturbing influences, be they local or overseas, should enable the State to consolidate its position. For this financial year, Mr. Dunningham continued, it was expected that the deficit would be lower than the estimate of '£ 1,750,000. With a continuance of fav ourable conditions, it was thought that next financial year, which would begin on July 1 next, would see the beginning of a period of balanced budgets. The total of the remissions of taxation and charges made since the Government came into office was approximately £ 12,400,000. Re employment was steadily improving. The number of persons in normal employment hi the State was 750,000, as compared with 550,000 four years ago. The figures did not include those on relief works. The Government, in its rural development policy, was giving special attention to closer settlement, decentralisation, and the provision of town amenities in the form of water supply, electricity, sewerage, hos pitals, schools, developmental road con struction, swimming baths, saleyards, re clamations, and drainage. 