 Jean Batten Plans to Reach Sydney Tmorrow STILL INTENDS TO REACH NEW ZEALAND IN NINE DAYS Civil Aviation Board to Ascertain Maximum Load for Plane MUST COMPLY WITH REGULATIONS SYDNEY, Monday. Jean Batten, who left Darwin today onher record-breaking. solo flight from England, expects to reach Sydney from - Charleville, where she will stay tonight,-about 10 a.m. S tomorrow. It is still her intention to reach New Zealond in -nine days from London, but Civil Aviation Depart ment regulations may prevent her flying the Tasman Ee o. It was proposed that -the Civil Aviation Board should meet in Melbourne today to discuss the question of allowing::. MissBatten to take off for New Zealand; but .as* no direct action can be taken to prevent the flight iif? her plane complies with regulations it :was: decided that a meeting was not necessary. After mechanics at Darwin had worked until after midnight repairing the brakes on her Percival Gull mono plkne, Miss Batten took off from Dar wini shortly after 6 o'clock this morn ing, intending to fly to Charleville be fore nightfall. Miss Batten' stated her intention of flying direct from Darwin to either Camooweal or Longreach to refuel. She will stay the night at Charleville, leaving for Sydney direct' tomorrow morning. 'f'I had a great sleep last night, and feel as fit as a fiddle this morning," Miss Batten said -befote taking off. "The fact that I :lost a 'day at Darwin does. not seem to matter now that I have that record., I-will cruise along steadily to Sydney." Although she risked landing at Dar win with faulty brakes, Miss Batten explained that she did not'intend doing' it all the way to Sydney, "The landing speed of my bus is 70 miles an-hour, and if I -had no brakes I just might not be able to stop it when I 'put it down,' ' she said. Miss Batten thanked the Qantas me chanics for their work on the plane, and after testing -the- brakes, which were functioning perfectly, she took off. Board's Unenviable Position The Civil Aviation Board has no power to prevent Miss Batten from con tinuing her flight to New Zealand. the Acting Corintroller-General (Wing Com mander Cobby) stated in Melbourne to day, "Her machine is registered in Great Britain, and wherever she may be, it is subject to the regulatfons of the British Air Ministry," said Wing Com mander Cobby. "But if her petrol for the trans-Tasman flight exceeds the maximum loading under Australian re gulations, we may ask the British Air Ministry to cancel her permit. Wing Commander Cobby said the specifications of Miss Batten's plane were being examined immediately, to ascertain what its maximum loading would be under Australian regulations. The petrol capacity would be checked when the machine arrived at Sydney. The New South Wales Superinten dent of - the Civil Aviation Bo?d day that the board was in An unenvi able positibn. "If we stop her- flying to New Zea land, people will say that she. could easily have made it, and we blocked her path to holnor and glory," he said. "If we let her fly and she does not get thirough, then the accusing finger will be pointed at us, and it will be asked, 'why did the authorities not step in and restrain the irl?" "It is very hard, even for me, to forecast what Jean is going to do next," said Miss Batten's. father, from Auckland,, in a radio telephone inter view. Discussing the prospects of Miss Batten's success in the Tasman section of hler flight, Mr..Batten remarked. "With my daughter speeding along through the air and her mother follow ing her by sea,-I am alone here in our Auckland home, but I am .confident we will be reunited according .to schedrile. "..'1 amsltt~ain.goie ,.roomzmad &-e€ad; for her arrival home early this *treek. I have not the slightest doubt she will be here." Broadbent May Try Again "it is possible I will attempt to regain the record Jean has taken from me," H. F. (Jim) Broadbent said today. 'If -I do. ,it will not be before about next Ociober. "She has put up a splendid show," said Broadbent. "It's great to see her to it." _roadbent said that in the event of his setting out to .create a new record he would use tbhe H. F. Broadbent samiie type 0o plane. There would not be much satisfaction in beating Miss Batten's time in a machine capable of higher speed. The Percival Gull used by Jean Bat ten is a twin to the' machine Broadbenti few. They were, built side by side. i It is thought thatj Miss Batten's Gulli has tanks which) provide a slightlyj Innper ranre. hut otherwise the planes are identical. Regarding her proposal to fly the Tasman Sea to New Zealand, Broad bent said the weather was the main factor. "It is, after all, Jean Batten's own business," he said. "If she wants to be the* first woman to fly from Lon don to New Zealand, then she is entitled to make her bid to do this. "The risk of engine failure is not serious.. Providing. the weather is good, there is little doubt that she will get through. But if the weather fore cast is not good, then'Jean would be well advised to call it a day on reach ing Sydney; or at least wait for good weather rather than go on with her idea of reaching New Zealand from London in nine days." MISS JEAN BATTEN ,in flying kit. 