 [?] 11.30 p.m. Sydney Hour - SOLEMN DA Y LONDON, Jan. 26. . Ihe hour ror the com-, mencement of the two min utes' silence throughout the Empire in memory ,of the ; late King George, has been officially fixed at I I .30 p.m. ? ? Tuesday, Sydney time/ This moment will coincide with the' lowering of , the : Royal Coffin from the: Chancel steps into the vault of St. George's Chapel, Windsor, at 1.30 p.m. on -.: Tuesday, London time, enabling . mil- : lions throughout the Empire to participate at . the crucial moment in the burial service. It was ' officially stated to-day that, .whatover tho weather, King Edward and his brothers will walk In tho funr oral procession. The, King will, wear naval uniform,, Tlio Queen, tho Duko and . Duchess of 'Glouccstor, tho Duko: and Duchess of Ker.t, .Princess Royal, tho , Earl of Ilarowood, and his two sonn attended the. service in the private Chapel at Buckingham - Palace to-day. Kln^- T3d ward' romalnod, at Port Belvedere. He Is net oxpbctcd to return to town until to-morrow. - ., , , a: v.'ko doors, of Westminster Abbey had to bo closod early this ? morning, and - hundreds excluded, waiting for tho afternoon . service. . :'? ..i ? Tho .... Archbishop ?. of Canterbury, preaching, recalled the «Klng .saying ho waj» ???.. v:.vy ordinary- {sort . of ? follow..- ( 'It ,'is 1 eprly,'; hr 'said,;' '.'to y f Ix - j , Klno'^eofg^Vplaco; V I Vehture -to ? fpredlot.yltywill ! be , a' ? spontaneous' Judgment, such aA ; that passed bys:a workman, at my i„ palace at Lambeth, 'We never -had' ? . a better.' ? ? . v-, !:'??? . ''AzoUi'odly; 'there -have been Kings and QUeens ' conceivably moro power ful,- and more romantic, | yet historians must- glyo'. high pralso tovKing Goorge, whoso f reign;' has . witnessed!' more changes than any othei'. ??' These changes- could not. have .-.boon : possible unless the King himself had been a man- of tact, self-control, and resolute loyally to the principles of constitu^ tional' government.' The kishop of London, preaching at St. Barnalias's Church, North Finch loy, rccallod King, George's disgust at finding . the Mohammedans at .Torn salom having' to keep- ordor among Christians, who : wovo blclcoring over the 'Sepulchre, ? 'Though ? shy ? and reti cent, lib said, King- Goorgo had an un failing sonao of humour. I-Io had never boon with him at any tlmo dur ing' tho last. 40*-'ears for moro than- five minutes beforo'ho.toid him somo story over which thoy laughed. . . King G'oorgo,. ho\. addod, -w«s- so touched by tho demonstrations during his Jublleo that ho had never ; aftor boon able -to speak of them without great omotion, ? . ? , Royal Obsequies ? As tho Supremo day of the , Royal obsonuios approaches, realisation- of. tho extent of tho world-wide mourning penetrates -. ? every- heart, Impressive preparations' go stoadlly on, assuring perfection in' every detail. - -The majestic coromoniai of tho loworing ofi tho Royal Coflln in tho vault at St.' Georgo's Ohapol at 1.30 p.m. necessitates tho exact timing of th'evfunoral procosslon, for which reason the Earl Marshal aud tho ofil oials' havo supervised rehoarsals at Windsor, achieving, comploto syn chvonlsation. Though adjustments of tho musical sorvico can lie made to onsuro the coincidence of silonco, tho actual burial procession ovor tho . en tiro route will bo rehoarsed, on Mon day in order, that the actual; obaerv anoo may , b'o- flawlessly carried, out iri;Taccordanco with impressiye British tradition. ' . - ' : , , , „ 1 Tlio prooesslon, of which tho sec tions will tako ,'up their positions Qarlfoivat, various points adjacent to tho routo, will finally ho marshalled at 0 a.m. It wilt start at a wirelpsB signal at 0.45 a.m., and arrivo at Pad dlngton tit 11.45 a.m. All tho armod forces of tho Crown, Including tho Dominion air forces and navies will bo rcprosentod. All troops will bo dismounted,' morchiug to tho slow tlmo ot solemn music. Tho Grenadier Guards will march, each sido of tho naval gun team draw ing tho collln. Tho Earl Marshal will proccdo it. Tho Royal Standard of England will follow. .Thou .will como ; King tho Rival Family and foreign royalties, Queen/Mary, aud tho Court Ladles, In \ carriages. Australian, and Now Hoaland com mands, will' ho inoluded In the detach ments of the Legion of Frontiersmen, stati-. jod. at, tho artiliory -monument. Homage to Dead King .. Sundayl's leisure afforded a day long and night long opportunity for tho populace to ronow homago to tho doad King. At least a million attend ed churches tliroughout the country, A queue exceeding all'prevlous dimensions, stretched ,12 abreast ? down the ' Albert Embankment, ' ? across Boxhall ? Bridge, and ' along the southern bank of the Thame's to Westminster Brl'dgo, tlie rear- ? guard taking four hours to move three; mllos, and nooessltatlng tho - - decision to admit the public to Westminster Hall until 6 a, m; on Monday. - . T.wo thousand Replaced evory thous and who filed ; through tho lniil,. the number of young cotii^aa, provluolals and artisans being conspiouous. Tho firat.vtlmo many of tlio King's grandchildreii saw the coflln\was when Viscount and Gerald Lascolles, with iho.Earl of 1-Iarowood, Priucens Royali and, Princoss Louise cntored. tho build ing. Throe generations of tho Royal Family wqro .thus' linked in ' common sorrow. . ' , Tho Infanta Beatrico of Spain,' poors, coiu—ouors,' and ' rblatlvos, all in doop mourning, arrived in tho, evening, i and wero admlttod to ,tho . crypt 'by tho coninionors eiUnuico, Unlformod nurses, wounded ex-sorvieomeu, , and votorans, wero . allowed ,to enter; with out queuing up, . !' Tho- visitors passod througli i at', a maximum, rato of 15,000 an - hour totalling 155,358 by ,7 p.m. ' , . ? i i 