 flO-DAY AIR MAIL SERVICE BETWEEN SYDNEY & LONDON ? Ultimate Reduction of Time j Provided Fon ¡AUSTRALIA TO CONTROL SECTION TO SINGAPORE. il CANBERRA, Wednesday. ¿I J)ETAILS of thc inter-Empire air mail scheme tabled in the House Ék ol Commons to-day and released at Canberra this evening |! provide for a 10-day service between Sydney and London at the >| outset, with ultimate provision for a reduction to seven days. I In thc British White Paper, Sydney is named as thc Australian M terminal. M Two trips per week are planned, and first-class mail from Britain Iis to be carried at ordinary rates. Reduced surcharges are to be charged on outward mails from Australia, which is to have control of thc Darwin-Singapore section of thc routc_ and Qantas has been nominated as the Australian company to co-operate with Imperial Airways in the operation of this service. .I Under tho 35-year contract from I .Tan wi ry 1, IMS, a subsidy of £150,000 pis to lio pnid by tho British Govern ?Sinont to Imperial Airways for services j tn Australia, India und South Africa. I deductions of £75,000. per year in suc p ccssivo throe-year periods aro providod, S and remuneration for tho carriage of I mail is Axed at £000,000 per year. M Participating countries nro to con Ítributo £185,000 per yenr, with provis ion for payments as in tho caso of Aus tralia to companies associated with Im perial Airways. Reduced Surcharge Explaining tho agreement this even ing, tho neting Primo Minister (Dr. Page) said tho Commonwealth regard ._cd tho British proposal for thc two I way carriage of first-class mail matter I by nir ns incompatible with tho sur I cliargo system in forco in Australia, tho a retention of which was essential, s Special arrangements had thoroforo I been made for the imposition of a sur I chargo of 5d. per half ouiico, or 1/1 less I than tho present ruto. I Dr. Pago revealed that unified con í¡ trol of tho wbolo route between Lon I don and Sydney by agreement between Jj tho British Government and Imperial fi Airways had originally been proposed. I Australia had objoctod, and had suc >; ceoded in retnining control of tho Sin-1 gaporo-Sydnoy section, while using common typos ot' aircraft flying over tho whole route. Services were to bo twico weekly by flying boats, which, however, wero to bb regarded as on trial during tho first two of tho iii teen years' contract period. While tho craft wero expected to be satisfactory, provision had boen made for Australia to review tho basis of participation in tho schemo if they fail ed unexpectedly. Planes on tho Australian section of tho run would havo Australian person nel, and would bo available to tho Com monwealth Government in tho event of an emergency. Share of Subsidy. Australia's share of tho subsidy would havo a ma»'ni'im of £50,000 ster ling por year. f. t'io carriago of mails was not moro tim 10,0001b. per year at tho outset, tho - stralian payments would bo £40,000 for subsidy, plus £32,000 for mails. The maxim-urns of £50,000 subsidy and £32,000 for mails would bo roached with 55,0001b. per year. Surchargo fees would offset some of this expenso, but the Government would be responsible for up to an additional £30,000 per year for ground organisa tion on tho Singapore-Sydney section of tho route. 