 LADY NUNBURNHOLME'S MESSAGE TO AUSTRALIAN WOMEN. Lord Carrington's Daughter Discusses Early Days in Sydney. GOVERNMENT HOUSE INCIDENTS. (An Exclusive Interview with Lady Nunburnholme by BEATRICE MACDONALD, by Air Mail.) LONDON, February 13. J ADY NUNBURNHOLME, who lived in Sydney when her J--" father, Lord Carrington, was Governor of New South Wales, is recognised as a leader among women in England. She is, among other things, president for Great Britain of the National Council of Women, and in a message to the women of Australia through the Women's Supplement, urges them to rally to the support of the League of Nations, and the International Council of Women, which has been preaching peace for fifty years. I WTSH it were possible for my pen lo give * you the impression that the Dowager Lady Nunburnholme made upon me when I first met her-soon after I arrived in London. We were nilting. side by side at a meeting of the National Council of Women, and I could not help being »truck with the bright, laughing-eyed personality, tnd the clever comments of this lady on my right. When the meeting concluded, I was introduced to her by Dame Maria Ogllvie-Gordon, who was taking me to the Forum Club Tor a chat. "Let me drive you there. I'm going that way," said Lady Nunburnholme-and we gratefully accepted. Turning to me, with her young and very pretty anille, she said, "You've Just come across? I'm dhvays so glad to meet Australian women. I loved Australia-my father, Lord Carrington, was Governor of New South Wales, you know," and vrheit I told her I had come from New South -Le liare, LADY NUNBURNHOLME (Lady Mary Thynne, daughter of the Marquess of Bath, one of the most beautiful girls in England, daughter-in-law of the Dowager Lady Nunburnholme). Wales, she asked me one question after the other, ina seemed to have kept in knowlcdgable touch, no1 only with Australian happenings, but;,-With Australia itself (something that is very rare among English women), and when the Forum Club was reached, and we bade her good-bye, she left with me the vivid impression of her keenly retentive, snd widely informed brain-her most attactive appearance, and her delightful friendliness. Every time since 1 have been brought into closer con- tact with her the impression has deepened, and 1 have become aware of the far-reaching activi- ties of this charming woman. Born in 1880, the second daughter of Charles Robert Wynn Carrington, Marquess of Lincoln- shire, and the Hon. Cecilia Mary Harbord (daugh- ter of Charles, fifth Lord Suffield, Lord-In-Wait- ing to Queen Victoria, and also to icing Edward VII.i, she went out with her parents to Sydney in 1885, when her father was appointed Governor of New South Wales. Sir Henry Parkes was then Premier of New South Wales, and he and Lord Carrington became great friends. Talking of that wise old man (Si> Henry), she said: "Sir Henry and my father both had the vision to plan for the great city which modern Sydney has become." Continuing, she said: "Life in Sydney fifty years f go was a paradise for children. The North Shore had, with the exception of a few houses round Admiralty House, no buildings on it, and my father used to take us in the launch across the harbour every Sunday to different coves, where we had picnics. We never exhausted the beaulieu of that, shore. On week-days we used to ride over to the Outer Heads, passing through what Is now National Park-there, one of the drives is still called Lady Carrington's Drive, aftei my mother. Incidents at Government House. "T X 7TTH his love of sport end horses, my father \ \ always regarded his five years in Sydney as one of the happiest periods of his life. It was possible (in the much smaller Sydney of those days) to throw Government House literally open on his fortnightly afternoon reception. Any- one who wrote their name In a book at Govern- ment House would receive an invitation, and my lather used proudly to say that in all those five years his hospitality was never abused, except in the case of one lady who 'passed out* after having 27 glasses of sherry in rapid succession! One of the most heated discussions during his Governorship arose over the question of prece- dence of two very important dignitaries. My father solved the knotty problem by widening the dining-room doorway, thus making it possible for the two gentlemen to walk In side by side I" Talking of the warm sympathy her mother had, and the ready help she always gave to lonely or distressed women, Lady Nunburnholme said: "In 1887, the year of Queen Victoria's first Jubilee, my mother started the Jubilee Fund in New South Wales. It was one of the first things ever done to assist women arriving in Australia, who were financially stranded. A very big Women's Exhibi- tion was organised and held, I remember, to start the fund. I was interested to hear that the work of the fund Is still being carried on, and when my mother died in 1934, I received a letter of sympathy from the governors of the fund in New South Wales. Naturally, 1 am delighted lo know that the fine women in Australia have kept alive the seeds of protective kindness and womanly understanding, which my dear mothei sowed 49 years ago." Left Australia when Ten. ?jlyj-ARJORIE CARRINGTON was 10 years old I» J. when her father's term of Governorship for New South Wales ended, and the following 10 THE DOWAGER LADY NUNBURNHOLME. --tnare. years were filled with the activities of school, her debut into social life, presentation at Court, and by her marriage in 1901 to Charles Henry Welles- ley Wilson, 2nd Baron Nunburnholme, a large ship-owner and Lord Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire. From the beginning of her married life, Lady Nunburnholme took a leading part in many of the activities carried on in Hull and the East Riding, and particularly in the work of the National Vigi- lance Association, which had, for one of its-objects the care of -women travelling by sea and rail. In those days there was a constant stream of emi- grants from the Scandinavian and other countries in the Noith of Europe to America, 'and these came to Hull in the first place, crossing then to Liverpool, and so to America. She was paiticu larly interested in this work, as so many of the emigrants came to Hull in boats belonging to the Wilson Line, of which Lord Nunburnholme was vice-chairman. Thus, per- haps unconsciously, she was scattering those seeds of kindness in other parts of the world which her mother had first sown, years before, in Australia. Lady Nunburn holme's Work. LADY NUNBURN- HOLME has always been deeply'interested in the work of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem (of which she is now a Lady of Grace), and in Hull, where she lived after her marriage, there were many members of the St. John Ambulance Brigade and St. John Voluntary Detachments. When war broke out, she became Commandant of the St. John V.AX>. Hos- pital in Hull, the largest V.AJ-. hospital in the country, which was opened by Lord French, where both naval and military patients were received. Since the war, she has been closely associated With all organisations whose objects are to fur- ther peace and progress, not only in Gi eat Bri- tain, but in the world generally. She is chair- man of the Moral Welfare Sectional Committee, and British representative on the International Council of Women's Equal Moral Standard Com- mittee. She is chairman of the British National Committee for the Suppression of Traffic in Women and Children, and a member of the Executive of the National Vigilance Association, and of the Public Morality Council. She is closely connected with the Women's Em- ployment Federation, and is a member of the Council of KJng's College for Household and Social Science. She is also chairman of the Manage- ment Committee of the United Women's Insur- ance Society-the largest women's insurance society in Great Britain. And, above all, she is the president for Great Britain of the National Council of Women. After Lady Trustrum Eve's death, in 1934, Lady Nun- burnholme was unanimously.elected as presidenr of the N.C.W., and she has imbued the whole of this huge organisation with her own remarkable vitality and purposeful achievement. And, with all these onerous duties, she never loses her de- lightful charm, her sympathetic friendliness, and infectious gaiety. She has always been very fond of winter sports, and when younger, bob-slelghing was her favourite sport, but 'now it is skating. She is also a keen bridge player. She has three children, two sons and one daugh- ter. Her eldest son (who, on-,his fnther's death ,in 1924, became 3rd Baron Nunburnholme) mar- ried Lady Mary Thynne, the beautiful daughter oí Portion of the Lady Carrington Drive, National Pai k, N S W. the Marquess of Bath. She was bridesmaid to both Princess Mary (the Princess Royal), and to the Duchess of Yoik (now Queen Elizabeth). Loro and Lady Nunburnholme have three children, two boys and a ghi, and live in Northamptonshire, where Lord Nunburnholme has a very successful dairy farm. His brother, the Hon. R. David Wil- son, is a student at Cambridge, and is an expert skier. He and his mother spent Christmas in Switzerland, enjoying the Alplnt delights of skating and ski-ing. Lady Nun burnholme's daughter, a beautiful girl, married, in February, 1924, Lord Winterton, a distinguished M.P., who is making his views felt in the Honte of Commons at the present time. 