 Empire Go-Slow Airways ; — — — — — DUTCH OUTCLASS OUR "HEN-COOPS" ON EASTERN RUN SYDNEY SHOULD BE FOUR DAYS NEARER LONDON TF Empire air services were up to date, it would be possible to step on a plane in London tomorrow and reach Sydney seven days later. That is the time Dutch services would lake. But we lag so far behind that our planes take 11 days. They are so out of date that only ' by the sacrifice of safety for speed could their schedule be pruned. Yet the Dutch are ready to begin a seven-day service between Amsterdam and Sydney, and could probably lop something off that. The answer is simple — they are using bigger and faster machines. On the present Empire service, pas sengers to Sydney have to change three times on route. A flying boat takes them to Karachi, an obsolete Atlanta to Singapore, the Qantas airmail to Brisbane, and an In terstate airliner to Sydney. Often there is a forced wait of one day at Singapore and an overnight stay in Brisbane. DUTCH 50 nup.h. FASTER Dutch air services, flying Douglases, beat Empire Airways' planes by one day to Batavia, and by a little more than li days to Sourabaya. The Empire service loses the time chiefly on the 4000 miles run from Karachi to Singapore, where out-of-date machines are being used. Mr. J. A. Mollison calls them hen coops. They are 1930 models, and have a cruising speed of 130 miles an hour, as compared with the 185 miles an hour of the Dutch liners. Their top speed of 155 miles an hour falls nearly 50 miles an hour below that of the Dutch machines. MODERN PERFORMANCE In cruising speeds the Dutch planes are far In advance of any machine, in cluding the flying-boats, on the Empire service between England and Australia. Qantas liners, with their cruising speed of 140 m.p.h., do not compare with the latest in commercial aircraft. When the Dutch air service to Aus tralia commences in July, it will main tain a seven-day schedule from Am sterdam (half-day from London) to Sydney. Seven months ago it was ready to start at two months' notice, but negotiatiohs with the Government have not yet been finalised. When Empire Airways begins its through flying-boat service from South ampton, it will start with a 11-day sche dule, and by progressive reductions An ally rench its objective of seven days to Sydney. ' . 