 FLYING BOAT TIMES WILL BE LOWERED Sydney To London In 7½ Days Contemplated SYDNEY, June 17. It was stated officially by Qantas Empire Airways Ltd. today that under the flying boat schedule of nine and a half days from London to Sydney there was provision for a service of three and a half days between Singa pore and Sydney. The schedule, it was stated, provided for emergencies likely to occur In the early stages cf the service, but when initial difficulties bad been overcome it was proposed to reduce the schedule; from, nine and a half days from lon-! don to Sydney to eight and a half days and later to seven and a half days. The difficulties at present were largely in respect of the British sec tion of the route, and these v.ere being steadily overcome. j Qantas did not expect any extra-, ordinary difficulties on the Singapore to! Sydney section of the route, which tt would control in co-operation with Im perial Airways Ltd. Imperial Airways Ltd. would control the section from Lon don to Singapore The managing director of Qantas &nbsp; Airways (Mr. Hudson Fysh), referring Ito the statement of the Minister lor , Defence (Mr. Ttiorby) in Parliament on Tuesday night, said that his company , was not responsible for the construe - ition of sir bares in Australia, and {whether they were of a temporary or [permanent character was entirely the responsibility of the Australian and British Governments. His company, he said, was responsible only for the laea 'litiw. for loadins and unloading pas ! sencers and freieht. Mr. Hudson Fysh said that when the thrice-weekly firing boat service was m full orwratfon in August, there would be ample accomirodation in the Sying ! boats for all mail matter sent from I New Zealand to Svdner for transit to London by air mail. The New Zealand mails would bp brought to Sydney by shiD pending the commencement of the 'trans-Tasman flying boat service. He !sak). With the Ud. per half cunce flat rate on first class mafl matter from London to Australia, large demands would be made on the accommodation of flying boats coming to Australia. hs said, but with the higher rate of Sd. per half ounce on first class mail mat ter from Australia tc England, it war expected that there would be more th?n sufScfent accommodation for the mails from New Zealand. J 