 A Bookseller Goes to Sea 'Seven Days Hard,' by Sydney Parkmaa (Hodder &. Stouchton Ltd* London). Onr copy from W. S. Smart, 'Sydney. ^MYOME knowing quiet good natured Arthur Orpen would never have suspected that this appa rently spineless little bookseller would in me space ox .seven aays nave:— Cheeked Ms boss, thereby en suring nis dismissal; ?'?' Put to sea in an open boat; -. Saved ids life by a wild leap ., when run down in the Channel; :, Battled; with a rough-handed ' trim i fieri ? .? ? ' Fought With the Government forces in Spain; and Made a daring escape in a small boat.' ?'?-??? ???????;??;-. . ? !, ....... ????- ' But tiiat is exactly what didtappen to the hero of Sydney Parkman's lat est -adventure story,: and' in pleasing narrative form Mr, Parkman takes you step1 by $tep through tribulation, humiliation, retaliation, precipitation, compulsion, battle, - and salvation in the seven days that made up Arthur's crowded week. In doing so he does not . let the interest flag one iota, despite the fact that apart from the beginning there is no romantic' inte- rest. RINGED WITH ADVENTURE It is really a well-thought-out study of a man's soul developing in the tur moil of everyday life, but so ringed with adventure that even ttie most bloodthirsty will find plenty to keep them interested. It all began because Arthur's 'girl -friend' Gladys quarrelled with him over which picture they should see. But for that he would .not have been in an unpleasant frame of mind. the next morning, would, not have answered back to the sales manager, and would not have gone to Hastings for his holiday on ttie 1day that lie did. And so, following the sequent*, he would never have been launched on the sea of adventure 4hat he en countered. But it meant iihe salva* tion of the bookseller's soul: . . TOLD GRAPHICALLY - Mr. Parkman tells his tale graphi cally. He keeps you thrilled with the adventures on the gunrunner which picks up. Arthur and'. enthralled by his . account of ttie. fighting., in Spain. . And ttie story flows so easily that' anyone picking up tins book will lie loth to put it' down. The climax, too, is a fitting one, and I am sure, that no one will say that Arthur was nqt justified in the step that he took when he returned once more to London. This is a thoroughly enjoyable story. , . THE PLOT THAT FADES 'The Affairs of Patricia,'' by ? May Christie (Hodder A Stougb-. ton Ltd., London). Oar copy from W. S. Smart, Sydney. AS the title indicates, this some-' what brief novel Is all about ttie affairs of one Patricia — surname Dar lington—who, between a mother, al ways hard up and not over scrupulous in her dodges to raise money, and an unsatisfactory lover, manages .to achieve some very uncomfortable mo ments. Patricia, urged on by her mother, endeavors to induce Gary Glendenning to propose to her, but in the midst or all the scheming and parties where the champagne flows freely, Gary re ceives news that the oil wells from which his wealth, has come have been blown up. By a coincidence both he and Patricia have been offered con tracts at Hollywood, and both' decide to try their fortunes there. Meanwhile, another girl, who com pletes the triangle, has not yet lost her hold of Gary, and she, too, takes a trip to Hollywood. Here, Patricia meets a. charming young man draw ing a fortune as a song composer, and for quite, a time her affairs are even more mixed than usual. , There is opportunity here for the authoress to bring off a really worth while denouement, but the plot fades, and although everyone is happy — or apparently so— the climax leaves a fiat feeling. Incidentally, Gary is an unreal figure, neither hero nor vil lain; in fact, his character is so sketchily depicted that he becomes a thoroughly unsatisfactory personality. But for these two weaknesses the story is quite up to the standard set by May Christie. . m« ......... m ??.?????? ? ??????? mttntii niti iuwntiti nm n i nttti mi inn in mi 1 1 n mil I in 'The Dog In Sport,' by /. Wentworth Day (Geo. G. Harrap & Co. Ltd.) is reviewed at the bottom of the following page. 