 Grim Stories Of Our Generation BY ADAM McCAY. 'Days of Our Years; The Story of a Generation," by Pierre Van Paassen; Hcincmann, London; Angus and Robertson, Sydney. A Dutch lad in his teens, Pierre van Paassen, migrated with his parents to Canada in the spring of 1914, and began to study for the Methodist pastorate in Victoria College, Toronto.. When the war arrived, he felt little interest in it, for he thought as a Hollander, not as a Canadian, and also had religious objections. At length, in 1916, young van Paassen was goaded to enlist when a woman publicly pinned a white feather in his coat. He went to the front; but his feeling towards war remained (and still remains) one of undiluted' loathing. He speaks of his training in Canada — "in less than three months we were deemed sufficiently expert in assassination, theft and arson to be sent over to France to save Christian civilisa tion." Van Paassen accepts at their maximum value, and presents in tlieii highest lights, all the stories ever told of war-weariness, disaffec- . tion, and mutiny in 1918, after Russia had abandoned the fight. Many other "left-book" authors have written their histories of mutual economic and armament aid between enemy powers. Van Paassen cites some of them: — "Through the first three years of the War the Reich received an un interrupted stream of supplies through Holland, Switzerland, and the Scan dinavian countries, especially cotton, without which she could not . have continued to fight for a day. This went on until America angrily pro tested that England, Germany's chief adversary, was crowding her out of the European countries." (Andre Ri- bard, "La France,") In the fiercest period of the death struggle in Flanders there was a busi ness conference in -Vienna — of the German chemical trust, the Swiss copper interests, and English, Ger man, and French armament firms. Germany occupied French metal lurgical areas at the outbreak of war, "and was able during four years to inundate the East and the West, on land and the high seas, with a tor rent of steel. The dreadful barbed wire strung out by the British at Ypres and on the Somme, which be came a death-trap for the Prussian Guard, was manufactured by the Drahtwerke of Opel and Company, and had found its way through Hol land to England." Only when France was in fear of imminent revolution, says this author, did America's urgings secure an eco nomic blockade in earnest; at which, Germany "launched a last desperate offensive, and collapsed." 