 [?] Social Life in Sydney ♦ Other Customs; Other Days — Popular girl to London for Wedding — Dainty Melbourne Visitor Much in the Picture — Memorial Gates Opened — One of Twenty-Four Grand children — Log Fires send out Glowing Welcome — Interest- ing Engagement — Overseas .. Fiance — Colonel Lorenzo Honoured — Country Visitor Leaves for Home. 'Daily Mercury' Service. NCE upon a time, as the nursery chatter goes, | June, the month of roses, was always regarded as . the most fashionable month to select for your marriage. May was, ot course, taboo, and, for some reason or other, was said to be unlucky. April was just on tho heels of Easter, and the world of women had thoroughly enjoyed all the festivities of that gala time, aiul were prepared to make special preparations for the weddings to take place later on. 'Now that is all put aside, and on Wednes day of last week we were, bidden to . no 'less than six weddings, all of wide interest, and all wel! attended. This week there are again weddings and plans of more to come, so truly times have changed. Some of our popular lassies are off j to London for their marriage, among them being Edna Dettmann, one of the daughters of Mr,, and Mrs. W. A, Dettmann, whoso luggage is labelled London, and win will find Colin Ver non-Plummer. a barrister of London city, awaiting her. She is a much travelled Miss, and to and fro to Europe this makes her seventh trip. She arrived in December in time eat the Christmas pudding with her fam ily. and since then has had a success ion of parties lo send her merrily on her way. An interesting girl, who claims Mel bourne as her birthplace, but, is a really truly Sydney lass, is Miss Penelope Little. She is the daughter of Major Little and Mrs. 'Little. Her mother is the eldest of the three daughters ot the late Mr. and Mrs. Philip Morton, and she was for many years the lead- i er of our smart social set. During the Easter festivities she has had Mrs. Sep Levy as one of her hostesses, and could not possibly have been more favourably chaperoned. After the races at Randwick she went on to Mrs. T. H. Kelly's cocktail party, and as sured one and all that she had never seen a more perfect view. The opening of the memorial gates in memory of the late Mrs. T. Moore Sims at the Country Women's Asso ciation seaside home, Keera House, was performed by Mrs. Matt. Sawyer, a former State president, on Satur day afternoon last. There were more than one hundred members of the C.W.A. present, Including many of the delegates who have been in town for the annual conference. Those present were entertained at afternoon tea by Mrs. Colin Venn (president of the seaside home committee) and Mrs.' Hudson (secretary of the committee). Mr. T. Moore Sims, with his son and daughter, were among the guests. A particularly uncommon ring is being worn by Miss Noel Hordern, daughter' of the Rev. F. Hugh Hor dern, and Mrs. Hordern, of Ct. Paul's Rectory, Sydney, who has just an nounced her engagement to . :r. HUgh Darling, eld&st son of Mr. and Mrs. A. Darling, of 'Inering,' Gunnedali. It is a solitaire diamond, set with, dia mond true lover's knots on either side. Miss Hordern, who has just re turned from a holiday in Tasmania, is one of the 2-1 grandchildren of Mr. and Mrs. E. Carr Hordern, of 'Chisle- hursl,' Chatswood.' Consequently, from relatives alone she has had end less good wishes. Already the numerous entertain ments in honour of Mrs. S. H. Ervin, and her attractive daughter, Miss Goldie Gray, have begun. They leave fiy Europe in the early May days, and the lengih of their visit is uncertain. On Saturday night Dr. Hal Cramsie was their host at Prince's. ' Others who danced there were Mr. and Mrs. ? Dick Allen, Mrs. Jim Litchfield, Cap tain Llewelyn Palmer, and Captain J. Windsor Llewis. The engagement announced during the recent week Miss Pliyl. White and Mr. Paddy Bell will unite two of the State's best known pastoral fam ilies, for if you hear the name of White if is sure to belong to some one who lives In the New England country, while all the Bells seem to circle round Muswellbrook. So far, no mention is made of where the young folks will erect their roof-tree, but they will be faithful to tradition and settle on the land. * * « i is so unusual to see a real log fire at one of our city dances that the guests invited to the excellent ball given at Elizabeth Bay House on Thursday evening, thought nt first the vision was an optical delusion. The hostesses, Mes.'.ames Kenneth Street, Edmund Barton. Lang Campbell, Ar thur du Boise, Clife Teece, and Ken neth McConnell, received many con gratulr.tions on their happy thought, which made such a cherry welcome for their young guests and their danc ing partners. Largo bowls of bright ly coloured flowers decorated the ball and reception rooms, and about 160 guests were entertained. The Misses Yvonne du Boise, Helen St. Vincent Welch, and Rosemar Blythman, made their debut at. the dance, which was also in honour of the Misses Frances, Stephen, Belinda, and Philjppa Street, Helen Teece, Barbara Mc.Conncll, and Betl.ina and Ursula Barton. Miss du Boise looked very dainty in whit rib bed crepe, fininshed with a plaited gold girdle, and her i\'d world posy was of pink roses. Miss Frances Stephen, of Coolah, chose pale green taffeta, with two pink camelias on (he shoulders. Miss r.'ary McConnell wore a draped gown of sky blue chif fon. Miss Belinda Street wore a gown of silver lame, lier sister Phillipa danced in a frock of bouffant cherry red tafl'eta. Miss Helen Teece was much admired in clover toned crepe, with diamente straps. Miss Penelope Little, of Melbourne, looked attractive in a white satin gown, the skirt lifted slightly to show a kilted red petticoat. Miss Sheila Bell, of Goulburn, wore a gathered frock of white satin. An engagement of particular inter est to many old family friends, espe cially in the Baf hurst district, which has just been announced, is that of Miss Henzel C'.'uroy, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs, J. M. Conroy, of Kirconnell . House, Bathurst, to Col onel I-lariand Holmes Dean, of the Royal Tank Corps, Lulworth, Dorset, son of the late Mr. H. E. Dean and Mrs. Dean, of Wellington, N.Z., and London. Miss Conroy. who is at pre sent in Sydney staying with Mrs. David Maughan, will leave in the Mon terey on June 2.'t for London, where she will be married soon after her arrival. She will be attended by her sister, Mrs. Peter Hawks, of Salisbury. f v v To hid farewell to Colonel Lorenzo, who has now retired from the. Army, a late afternoon party was liel/1 at the Victoria Bararcks last week. The party took place in the mess-room, where iiuantities of red and blue flow ers were used in the decorations. The guests .were received by the president of the StaT Corps Mess, Colonel F. W Lennox, and Mrs. Lennox. Tile latter wore a blue angora costume and matching hat. Among the many guests were (he Minister for National Emer gency Services, Lieutenant-Colonel Bruxner, and Mrs. Bruxner,-thc Lord Mayor and La/.ly Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Norman Nock), Sir Ernest and Lady Fisl;, Captain and Mrs. E. R. Cox, Brigadi'i'-(!eii'-val and Mrs. .T. L. Hardy, Rriyaitier-General and Mrs. H. W. Lloyd. .Mr. and Mrs. Koy.Hendy, Mr. a n/1 Mrs. Jfarold Baker, Wing Commander IIir.:h Poate, Commander neverell. * * * Mrs. Aylmer 1'earce, of Plashett, Jerry's Plains, who was Hie guest of her mother, Mrs, George Sly, of Edge scurf are visible, a dandruff tonic should be used right away. The best thing to do is to pour a little on to a pad of cotto.nwo.ol, part the hair into small partings and rub vigorously all over the head. After using the tonic for several days wash with an anti-dandruff sham poo. There are several of these on the market. If the hair is excessively greasy it can be cured just as effectively by using a tonic especially designed l'oi correcting excessive, oil and then washing with a non-greasy shampoo. As a rule, one of the most common ills is dryness, which causes the hair to lose colour and look 'strawey' and faded. There are various ways of curing this. You can massage in warm oil. covering the head with warm towels after th'c oil has been applied in order to allow it in sppp in, or tonics can be bought, containing oil to nourish the roots. After these faults have been cor rected, daily brushing and careful setting will help to give you a lovely head of hair. cliff, for the Easier gaieties, returned to her home at tho week-end. kept the young members of Britain's own ballet company on tenterhooks with excitement. The ballet has been given in full several times at Sad ler's Wells with great success, but only the first and third acts could be performed in the time, allowed at Co vent Gardens. In the first act Mar got. Fonfeyn, tho youthful ballerina who rivals the Russians in her. art, does not, appear, ? but the third act gives her plenty of opportunity, while in the first, practically every member of the company has a chance to do short, solo dance at, the. christening of the Sleeping Beauty. AVitii the keen interest which the King and Queen take in the art, ballet has come into its own as a truly royal entertain ment, embodying all the best features of theatrical art. Decorations are now being com pleted in the, suit o. of rooms to bo oc cupied by the King and Queen at Rideau Hall, Ottawa, during their stay in the. Canadian capital. A rose and blue colour scheme on the lines of an English country house has been worked out by the wife of | the Governor-General for the bedroom j of the Queen. Sprigged chintz in pink on a blue ground is the choice for | curtains and for the iStli century I mahogany bed, and this chintz is also 