 Spotlight on Society \ JNTERESTING engagement announced .... Arriving by plane to-day from England on ' first visit to Sydney for 10 years . ... News from London of young Charles Kingsford Smith . . . . Pre-wedding party given for two Joans .... Visiting her mother after 1 1 years in Scotland. AN Interesting engagement which "v has just been announced is that or .Mrs; Audrey Carlisle Taylor and Mr. George Maiden. Mrs. Carlisle Taylor wns formerly Miss Audrey Schute, and since her arrival in Sydney on a visit from England aDout two months ago sne has been staying with her mother, Mrs. A. Schute, at Edgecliff. The wedding date has not yet been decided. IN a letter from Mrs. Alan Tully to- day from London, she tells of the lovely time she and her husband and small son, Charles Kingsford Smith, are having. Mrs. Tully was joined by Mr. Tully in Colombo, and after a few months In London, they will re turn to Australia, via America. "Every morning Charles goes over "to Trafal gar Square, to feed the pigeons and he just loves it," says Mrs. Tully. "While in London he has a governess."! Among the Australians Mr. and Mrs. Tully have met since they arrived, are Miss Madge Elliott and Mr. Cyril Ritchard, and Miss Dorothy Brun- ton. now Mrs. Ben Dawson, a.id her nusuaiiu. A FTER living abroad for 10 yenrs, . Miss Phyllis Keep, daughter of Mrs. Walter Keep, of Rase Bay, will arrive by the flying-boat Champion to-day to spend a holiday in Sydney. Mrs. Keep visited her daughter two years ago in London, but it will be the first time any other members of her family hnve seen her since she went abroad.' "jVpSS AILEEN BELL, of Coochin i x Coochin, Queensland, entertained a party at Prince's last night, and among her guests were Captain the Honorable Patrick Hore-Rulhven and Mrs. Hore/-Ruthven, Mrs. Lance Lewis, of Adelaide, and Captain Llewellyn Palmer. Another to en tertain a party was Mr. Fred Smith, part-owner of the famous racehorse Ajax. MISS JEAN MARK, wlio will be hostess .at a late ahernoon party to day at her home at Kirribilli in honor of Miss Ruth Helmore. whose mar- I riage will lake place on Saturday io Mr. Terence L.err, who arrived from Ceylon last week The ceremony will lake place al St. Stephen's Church. Miss Mark will be Miss Helmore's chief bridesmaid. — R P :MR' and MRS/ WALTER- SCOTT, of .Wahroonga Rhu, Dumbarton shire, and their children. Evelyn and Wood, are visiting Sydney from their home, which is on the shore of the Gareloch, opposite Roseneath, the Scottish home of , the Duchess of Argyle. This is Mrs. Scott's first visit to her homeland for 11 years, and during her stay she is the guest of her mother, Mrs. E. C, Strang, of Wahroonga. Before her marriage she attended the Sydney. University and was a well-known golfer In the Killara district. The visitors plan to be in Sydney for about eight weeks. rPO celebrate the twenty-first birth day of their daughter, Miss Joy Minnett. Dr. . and Mrs. R. B> Minnett, of Manly.- will entertain at a dance at the Manly Golf Club on April 29. | jADY GOWRIE will leave to-night by train on a brief visit to Mel bourne. She will be back in Syd ney again on Thursday. j\|ISS JOAN HENNING, whose mar riage with Mr. Eric Richardson son of General and Mrs. Richardson, of Raymond Terrace, will take place at the Newcastle Cathedral, on April 29, has been spending a few days in Sydney. She was 'the guest of her aunt, Mrs. C. B. Hennlng, of Bums- road. Wahroonga. for .the week-end. Miss Hennlng. who Is the only daugh ter of Mrs. and Mrs.' E. Hennlng, of Newcastle, was a guest of honor at a shower tea, given by her aunt on Saturday. The other guest of honor was Miss Joan Barry, whose marri age with Mr. John Watson, will be celebrated at Wahroonga, on April 19. AIRS. NORMAN MULRONEY, of, Woollahra. entertained at a burfet luncheon party to-day at her home, m honor of Mrs. Stan McCon- neil. of Cronulla, who with her daughter. Miss Betty McConncll, will icave iui iuu, uy iaie ivxai ijjuou, on Friday. The hostess chose a frock of fiaite blue angora, in which to re ceive her guests among whom were: Mesdames Harry Cropper, Keith Vyden. Monte Fowler, Rex Vyden Tom Brockhoff, Victor Heine. H. Carroll, V. Wilson, Bob Riley, A. Fleming, T. Elliot, B. Hammond, M Banks, V. Leadley. B. Herron, Laurie Seaman, K. Wheller, G. Johnston; and J. Stelgrad. \/jR. and MRS. RAYMOND TOBIAS, are receiving congratulation on the birth of a son. The baby was born last night. Mrs. Tobias was formerly Miss Joyce Abrahams. r PHE fox terrier, which was found yesterday by Madame Lotte Lehmann, at Elizabeth Bay, was claimed to-day by its owner, young John Rayner, or Kogarah, who lost it over two months ago. He saw the picture of the dog in "The Sun" last night, and recognised it. jVV'EARING their colorful national costumes, three representatives of the most famous tribes of full- blooded Indians in America were the guests of honor at Farmer's busi ness girls' luncheon to-day. Constable S. J. Leach, who wore the scarlet and blue uniform of the Canadian Mounted Police Force, in troduced the Indians — Eddie One- Spot, Douglas Kootenay and Joe Bear-Robe, who will provide a high light in rodeo riding at the Royal Agricultural Show.. All the lavish beaded embroi dery which trimmed the costumes of LL.' tiiAK rlnna Vltf TPrlHta On P - Wie J.UU1«U»5 wtw UU1 1C v J Spot's wife. Eddie's jacket and trousers were embellished with panels of beading in tones of orange, green and blue in. geometric design, and his shoes, which also were of fine beads, were green. AIRS. L. A. ROBB was successfully operated on for appendicitis in St Vincent's Private Hospital this morning. Although her condition l.v satisfactory, she will have to cancel all her Easter engagements. | MRS- JOHN KEARNS and her: IU daughter. Miss Betty Keams, of Sydney, are going to England on the More ton Bay on Saturday for a six months' . tour abroad. 