 London says: "We can still take it" Knowing The Blitz, They Now Sigh For The Days When They Took Bombs "Straight" (Cabled from New York by Tom Gurr, editor of the Sydney "Sun" - exclusive to "The Sunday Times" in W.A.) Three thousand miles from London, I think I can get the right perspective on this year's biggest war story-the flying-bomb offensive on London. ' Everybody's interested to know how the Londoners are taking it, and I'm asked questions by people ranging from the Italian barber, who calls them "Dose rowboats," to the big businessman, who calls them, jocularly, "Those doodlebugs." Like many people remote from the reality, Americans understand that flying bombs are unpleasant, but they have no conception what this new onslaught on the world's greatest city really means. Here are a few facts: . Almost a million homes have been damaged by blast, from bombs. . Daily, many people are killed, and often hundreds are wounded. . Since June 13, the longest res- pite Londoners have had has been 20 hours. . Flying bombs are having deT finite effect on the people's effi- ciency, because practically every- body is getting too little sleep, and the constant alerts are disrupting work. . Hitler threatens to use rocket bombs 10 times bigger than flying bombs, and England's leaders be- lieve that this is no idle threat. When You've Seen 'em The Answer Is: In the past three weeks I have been in Prance. England, and America. People in America have been asking me questions that I'd probably be asked in Australia, Here are some of them (and I hope I might be supplying the answers to questions in my own country): . How does flying-bomb offensive compare with the blitz of 1940-41 ? This is my answer: To "discover Londoners' reac- tion. Ï interviewed people rang- ing from policeman patrolling the ruins of Shoe-lane to a company director in a Gracechurch-street office; from lift-drivers to news- paper sellers and railway porters. Twenty-nine said that flying bombs were worse than the blitz. In the blitz, raiders came at night and people knew when to expect them4 They had a break during the day to relieve the strain. Further, even when 1000 pounders were whistling down, they had the satisfaction of knowing that some of the Ger- mans in the sky were being knocked down. But for more than two months now, flying bombs have been coming over day and night in their diabolically impersonal war. This cumulative strain is harder to conquer than fear of the blitz ? at its savagest. The fact that Londoners are conquering it is part of their in surpassable courage. I Blocks Of Houses Become Useless In the blitz, bombs demolished single buildings, often many single buildings in a small area. A flying bomb, a ton weight, removes windows, doors, roofs over a radius of 300 yards. Blocks of houses become uninhabitable. For instance, I saw 27 houses in a suburban area so badly shat- tered by one flying bomb that every house had to be evacuated. Most of the houses were irrepar- able. In an older, closer-packed area, two streets of two-storeyed old- -style houses were rendered unin- habitable by one flying bomb. Early in the offensive a flyinq bomb crashed on an apartment house three doors from where I was living. That eight-storey building was wrecked and for three days they were digging foodies from the ruins. Every building within two blocks was damaged. In the large apartment house where I was living damage to windows and floors was estimated at £10,000. One Explosion 50,000 Windows This one explosion, it is esti- mated, broke 50.000 windows in the district and wrecked scores of roofs. . What's the state of Lon- doner's morale today ? This week in New York I heard one observer, who claims British nationality, and who has just re- turned from a flying visit to England, say that only Churchill's "end of the war in sight" state- ment prevented people in London demanding immediate peace nego- tiations. I can brand this as a stupid lie. Flying bombs came as a sick- ening blow to Londoners who had endured the blitz and a fi\e-year blackout and believed their trials were over. Defences At Highest Efficiency But they knew that London's civil defence services were at their highest state of efficiency to meet the new offensive, and from this they gained confidence. Also, nothing-I repeat nothing -can ever make English people quit-whether it be a Dunkirk or the wiping-out of their homes. It did not need even Churchill to tell them that victory was in sight. / #To what extent has the offensive affected London ? Damage to homes is already much greater than that caused by the 1941 blitz. About 1.000.000 people have been evacuated In two months. This, and the departure of hun- dreds of thousands of American soldiers to France, is responsible for practically deserted city streets and marked slackness in trade. . How lethal are flying bombs? One explosion killed 111, injured hundreds. I've seen t incidents more horrible than scènes on a battlefield-scores of men, vomen and children cut to plec°-3 by Ey- ing glass, shattered by blast. New Type Hard On Hie Nerves On the other hand, I've ,«een direct hits on apartment houses in which only half a dozen have been killed. Effect pf blast is un- predictable. The question is their effectiveness. The answer is that new gliding type which sneaks over the roofs is harder on the nerves. . What are London's de- fences ? ^ Thc first line consist of waves of bombers ceaselessly pounding j launching sites. The second comprises patrols of the world's fastest fighters, British Tempests, which attack flying bombs over the Channel and open spaces in southern England. The third, tremendous concentra- tion of ack-ack guns. The fourth a barrage of thousands of bal- loons. The fifth, another concen- tration of ack-ack as flying bombs being launched from Pas de Cal- j ais and from Belgium reach the j defensive arc. I . How many flying bombs have been launched; how many have beat the defences? At least 7250 have been launch- ed About 25 per cent, may get through. Some of these landed harmlessly in open country. The majority exploded in built-up areas. .0 How long will the offen- sive last ? Until our land forces occupy every available site within 200 miles of London, flying bombs will still come over. Because: Though Allied Air Forces destroy launching-sites by the dozen, more spring up over- night Final question: Will London still take it? Answer: Yes. 