 NOVELS OF THE WEEK Atomic war fantasy THE DAY OF THE TRIF- FIDS, by John Wyndham . Lon- ilottz Miciic xel Joseph oydncyj Craftsman Bookshop. IF you imagine that the most vivid picture of atomic warfare touches the ultimate in horror, take time off to read John wyndham's story of a world in which all except a few people are suddenly afflicted with blindness while, at the same time, a carnivorous, ambula tory, and malignantly dis posed plant breaks loose to prey on human be ings who cannot defend themselves. The Day of the Triffids is described by a critic who ap parently read the novel in manuscript for the pub lishers, as "a book of the type that made the young H. G. Wells' name." It is a fair enough description, and one that should attract readers who still admire the Wellsian type of genius. Wyndham certainly has two of the qualities which go to make the successful novelist: imagination and the ability to tell a story. This book is original in conception and written in a tightly packed, swift-moving fashion that is guaranteed to hold the interest of anybody who embarks on the reading of it. The type of story is not,! rvF AAiit«c«A mnof ! UJL VsWViA'OWf G V wJL J -WWIiJ O W-W'M v ) I quite a number of people, in! fact, tend to fight shy of fic- j tion dealing with the pos-j sible apocalyptic results of mankind's fatal urge to carry scientific investigation and development too far. Normally I would put my-? self in this class. But The Day of the Triffids was good enough to overcome my pre- ; judice. I found it an absorb- ; ing and even convincing novel, j Young writer ! A LONG DAY'S DYING , bf Frederick Buechner. Londoni Chatto and Windus. Sydney. Craftsman Bookshop. Frederick Buechner is said by his publishers to be "a; very young American writer." Having patiently read this) novel- — his first— -I &lt; see no!) reason to doubt the .descrip-; tion; it is the work df a very;! young man. ' . jj It has the over-sophistica tion, the mannered style, the reluctance to express simply what can be expressed in a. roundabout manner which so. frequently stamp the work of the talented very young. In fact, despite the bou quets generously handed out! hy Christopher Jsherwood and other overseas critics, my major reaction to it was one: of irritation. i A Long Day's Dying is a! story of the failure of even! highly intelligent and sensi-j tive people to communicate- with each other. ' From a passing love affair— i dictated by a mood of the moment and of absolutely no- real significance — there stems a train of events which up sets the delicate balance of personal relationships exist ing between the handful of characters Mr. Buechner has assembled. What interest the novel had for me was derived from Tristram Bone, the gro-, tesquely fat eccentric whose, tragedy it is to love while realising that a fat man in love can never be anything but a figure of ridicule. This, however, was not enough to, outweigh the faults of the, book — its affectations and conscious obscurity. —Miss Bront 