 In days of moral muddle JllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIHIilllllllHHIIIHIIIHIIIIIIIHIlUHHHIItlllllHIIIIIIIIil- | ALCESTIS AND OTHER PLAYS , by Euripides. Penguin Bookshop. | E Price, 3/3. 5 | THE LIVING ROOM, by Graham Greene. London: Heinemann. | = Sydney: Angus and Robertson. Price, 72/6. S I THE BAIKIE CHARIVARI, by James Bridie. London: Constable, | Sydney: Grahame's. Price, 10/9. | — Here are three plays, divided by 2500 years i of history, which deal with much the same sub- ject — the decline of a civilised tradition. Euripides was born in 484 B.C. and died in 407. He was an Athenian Greek living at a time when totalitarian Sparta was slowly strangling democratic Athens. It was an era of political and moral confusion sadly reminiscent of civilisation to day. Old standards and beliefs had crumbled, new standards and beliefs had not risen to ; replace them. "Words were made to change their ordinary mean ings," lamented the historian Thucydides, "and to take on newly imposed ones. ... "The ancient simplicity into which honor so largely entered was laughed dowp and dis appeared . society became divided into two camps in which no man trusted his fellow "Meanwhile, the moderate part of the citizens perished between the two, either for not joining in the quarrel or because envy would not suffer them to escape. . . ." The old Greek dramatists (Aeschylus and Sophocles were the masters) celebrated the heroism of men, the great ness of the Gods, and "the old eternal justice." But Euripides is agnostic, pessimis tic, disillusioned, doubtful about gods and men. The central figure, or tragic hero, ,of his dramas, says Philip Vellacott, who edits this Penguin Classics edition of three Euripidean plays (Hippolytus, Iphigenia in Taris and Alcestis) , is not any individual but humanity itself. "If there is a lesson to be drawn," Mr. Vellacott adds, "it is that in a world contain ing incalculable forces, both of good and evil, a man can hope to preserve happiness only by the utmost care, humility, patience and charitableness." by the utmost care, humility, patience and charitableness." Graham Greene and James Bridie illustrate something of the same social and moral muddle in the modern world. Mr. Green's play is about a middle-aged psychiatrist in love with a young Catholic girl who is even more desper ately in love with him. The girl's uncle is a crip pled Catholic priest who lives with two eccentric maiden sisters in a queer house where nobody is allowed to use a room in which anyone has died. There are some thought- provoking discussions between the psychiatrist and the priest, who seem equally hopeless to cope with what after all is a relatively common human situation. Finally, the psychiatrist sticks to his emotionally blackmailing wife and the girl commits suicide. The whole thing is a defeat ist muddle in which nobody has any clear idea where they are going or why. Which suggests, whatever Mr. Greene means to the con trary, that neither the priest nor the psychologist is very good at his job. T JL N contrast, the late James Bridie's last play is a cheerful comedy full of verve and vim and witty, pungent, rhetorical words. But, like all good comedy, Bridie's comedy gets under the skin of things. The story is a modern adap tation of Punch and Judy, with Sir James Mac Arthur Pounce-Pellott, K.C.I.E., a -retired Indian civil servant, I as Punch. Sir James, in accordance with an old Punch tradition, is also a projection of Pontius Pilate. Sir James' problem is to adapt himself to the 20th cen tury in Scotland and he takes a good many verbal buffets from the Beadle, the Hang man, the Clown, the Doctor, and . the other traditional characters, all brought up to date. The Hangman, for instance, is a town councillor and a Communist, the Doctor a female psychiatrist, and the Witch a publisher's agent from America trying to in veigle. Sir James into writing up his memoirs into a best- selling fantasy of "trumpets, elephants and cloth of gold." Like Pontius Pilate, Sir James tries to keep an open mind, and he is tempted by the easy and the obvious ex planations. But he clings to his concep tion of the white man's burden. "Must I stand and be crushed like a bug?" he roars and lays about him. "I have washed my hands of my God and killed Him. . . . Therefore, I must be punished. But, by 'the God I sold, I will not go quietly." One way and another Sir James (who is Punch and Pontius Pilate, as well as a bearer of the White Man's burden) disposes of those who tempt him to be agnostic be tween order and disorder. He cannot eliminate the Devil, the principle of evil in the world, as easily as he dis poses of his doubts and fears and hesitations. But he stands up to Old Nick, ready to take his medi cine for his own shortcomings. "Weel, James Mac Arthur Pontius-Pilate, ye've had a braw bourackie hereways," says the De'il at the end. "Have you come to take me?" asks Sir James. "I was wondering." "I'm ready." "I'm thinking you've jouked me for the moment. It may be you've jinked me a'the- gither. Time will tell us." — Norman Bartlett 