 The Yellow Flag. BY THE AUTHOR OF 44 BLACK SHEEP,' ' WRECKED IS ? POET,'4 44 CASTAWAY,' &c., &c. J he right of publication has teen purchased by the Pro ? prietors of the 44 Sydney Mail.'] BOOK H.— CHAPTER X. Tub Small Hooks in London. Martin Gurwood and Humphrey Statham dined together that day at a club, ot which the latter was a member, and sat together until late in the night, dis cussing memories of old times and the strange occur rences of recent days. When Martin returned to Great Walpole-street he was surprised to learn from the servant who let him in that Mrs. Calverley had not retired to rest, and that she desired to speak -with him -when he came in. A guilty pang shot through martin s Dreast as ne listened. vv nai can ue cue meaningof this ? Could his mother have discovered the 6ecret of the Hendon mystery, and was she waiting to objurgate him for the part which he had taken in concealing it from her ! Martin knew that some day or other such a contingency would arise, hut lie hoped that when it did he would have Statham by his 6ide., He looked for Statham now for advice and assistance in every phase which the matter could assume, and dreaded being left to his own resources. He found his mother in her bedroom, attired in a skimpy clinging flannel dressing gown, aud sitting before the fire with her slippered feet upon the fender. She looked round on his opening the door, aud uttered a sound which was a combination of a snort of defiance and a groan of resignation. ' You wish to see me, mother, James tells me,' said Martin. 41 1 had no idea you would have been up or I would have returned home sooner.' 44 1 wished to 6ee somebody, Martin,' said Mrs. Calverley, querulously. 44 1 thought that my life could not have been more wretched and solitary than it was in Mr. Calverley's time, but even he used to come home occasionally, while now I sit by myself from morning till night. Persons who are engaged and paid to be my companions go away, and even my own son; from whom I might have expected other things, gives himself up to his own devices, and doSs not come home until close upon midnight.' 44 My dear mother,' said Martin, 41 as I said before, if I had any idea that you were sitting up, 1 would have returned sooner. Tell me now,' he said, pulling his chair close to hers, 44 what do you want me to do r' 44 Nothing,' said Mrs. Calverley, in her former tone ; 44 1 never want any one to do anything for me. But I wanted to talk to you, if you can spare a few minutes to such an unimportant person as myself about the future.' 44 She knows nothing about Hendon,' thought Martin to himself, 44 or she would not have been able to have kept off from the subject for a minuLte.' And greatly relieved at this idea, he said, pleasantly, 44 You know, mother, that I should be only too glad to carry out any of your wishes.' 44 And you will have an opportunity of proving what you say, Martin. You know that by Mr. Cal v,erlev's will* I am now absolute mistress of the business in Mincing-lane. On our marriage Mr. Calverley, in what I considered then the most ungenerous manner, reserved to himself the power of disposing of that business as he thought best ; hut I suppose he after wards came into a better frame of mind, for lie has left it entirely to me. The business as it stands at present will, I learn from Mr. Jeffreys, bring me in a very large income. Bow I am the last woman in. the world to set an undue value upon riches, and my only care for them is that they may enable me to do more good to my fellow-creatures. Are you attending tome, Martin ?' she said to hereon, who was looking vacantly into Hie fire! 44 Certainly, mother,' said Martin, starting. 44 Perhaps you will favour me with your particular attention jfrist now,' said Mrs. Calverley, with some asperity, 41 when 1 tell you what I have got to say concerns yourself. If your character were different you might think to yourself that, rich as I shall un doubtedly be, I might take the opportunity of maVinj; you independent, but such I know would not be your wish. You are one of those who rightly *h;nlr that it is your mission to discharge your duty in the state of life to which you have been called, and I perfectly agree with ypu. There is to me no more beautiful sight than that of a minister engaged in the exercise of his vocation ; the only change I would propose to vou would be one in the scene of your labours.' 44 A change in the scene,' cried Martin. 44 Exactly,' said Mrs. Calverley. 44 Ishould wish you to relinquish the vicarage of Lullington, and to estab lish yourself in London.' 44 In London ?' cried Martin. 44 Certainly,' 6Bid his mother ; 44 where there is money there is influence, and there would not, I imagine, be any difficulty in obtaining for you an in cumbency in London, or if it came to that, there are always proprietary chapels to be purchased, and in them perhaps you would be more unfettered, and more able to conduct the services according to your own views.' 44 But, my dear mother,' said Martin,' I am by no means sure ? ' 44 That you would be popular,' interrupted Mrs. Calverley. 44 You need not fear about that. I fancy there are few better judges of preaching than myself, and I have always been satisfied with the sermons which I have heard you deliver. It would be a great pleasure to me to know that my son's merits were properly recognised. And I don't think,' she added, with a slight toss of her head, 4-4 that he would have any reason to be ashamed of his mother, or of the style in which she lived. We may not be aristocrats, and our lives may not be attended by the sloth, luxury, j and pomp which surround that portion of the com munity ; but for the solid wealth, and the comfort which it brings, the home which has been raised by British industry need be surpassed by none.' ' i Mtb. Calverley paused for a moment, and Martin, for want of something better to say, said, 44 Of course, . mother, I quite Bgree with you.' 44 My notion,' pursued his mother, 44 is that you should live with me, and act as my right hand in all matters of business, and as a dispenser ; MF my charity. My life has been one long martyr -m ; . it has pleased Heaven to afflict me .vith two unworthy husbands, men incapable of understanding those finer feelings which I possess, and which have been the sole means of lightening the burden laid upon me. I hope I may now be per mitted in some degree to recompense myself for the solitude and submission in which I have lived, to recompense myself for the subjection in which I have been kept, and which I have borne unmurmuringly, and to have a little sunshine at the close, of a - life which has been one long sacrifice for others. I hope that — Martin, Martin, what are you thinking of?' - What'-'was he thinking of, as he sat there, with his chin resting on his hands, and his eyes fixed intently on the fire ? What were those words ringing in his ears — subjection, submission, sacrifice? Ah, how hollow and empty they sounded, how futile and mis placed were these querulous complaints, this Phari saical self- laudation, when he thought of the manner in which, under the influence of his wife's temper, John Calverley's life had been warped and twisted until his weak nature had been betrayed into the commission -of a fearful fraud, the result cf which was yet impend ing over the head of that poor trusting girl. What was he thinking of? and the little right he had in the thought even then floating through his mind, to condemn the dead man whose power of will had been so weak, whose temptation had been so strong ; who was he to gauge and measure another man's sins, and to preach the doctrines of resistance, when — 44 What was he thinking, of?' Mrs. Calverley's words, repeated for the third time, recalled him from his reverie. 44 What was I thinking of? Why of course of the proposition you have just made to me, mother,' he said aloud. 44 It is one which scarcely seems to me to need much reflection,' said Mrs. Calverley, coldly.. 44 In making it I have, as usual, not considered myself, but left the advantages wholly to you.' 44 Of course, mother, I fully appreciate your kind ness,' said Martin ; 44 and the mere tact of living with you, and being able to relieve the solitude under which you suffer would, of course, have much weight with me. By the way, you were alluding just now to Madame du Tertre's absence. I have never hitherto had an opportunity of asking you how she first became an inmate of this house.' 44 Not through any invitation of mine,' said Mrs. Calverley, 44 though I am bound to say that as soon as she came here she saw the melancholy life I led, and endeavoured to alleviate it to the best of her power. One of the few things I have to thank Mr. Calverley for is his introduction of Madame du Tertre.' 44 Oh,' said Martin, looking very much astonished, 44 it was through Mr. Calverley that you made her acquaintance?' 44 Certainly,' said his mother. 44 1 went down to Mincing-lane one day, and found Madame du Tertre closeted with Mr. Calverley in his private room. I thought they would both be confused at my entrance, but, on the contrary, Mr. Calverley, quite at his ease, presented his companion to me as a French lady, a -widow with a small fortune, which she had brought to him to invest. He stated, at the same time, that she was a stranger in London, in uncomfortable lodgings, and without friends, and suggested that, as he was compelled to be much away — compelled, indeed,' repeated Mrs. Calverley, with a sniff of defiance, 44 it might break the solitude of my life if this French lady, a cheerful person, playing the piano and that sort of thing, came to live with me as my companion.' * 44 Oh, that was what Mir. Calverley proposed,' said Martin, reflectively. 44 And you agreed to it ? ' 44 1 agreed to it as a temporary measure,' 6aid Mrs. Calverley, 44 but it seemed to work well, and has con tinued ever since.' 44 You had never seen Madame du Tertre before ? never heard Mr, Calverley mention her name ? ' 44 Certainly not ; neither the one nor the other. What on earth makes you ask these questions, Martin?' But Martin had fallen back again into his chair. His eyes were once more rivetted on the fire, and his ears were deaf to his mother's voice. 'What a curious woman his mother was ? How weak, even in the grim obstinacy on which she prided herself; how liable to be deceived, in spite of all the suspicion which she exhibited. This Madame du Tertre. then, had baen introduced into the house by Mr. Calverley, and his mother had accepted tier as a companion on the very slightest evidence on the story which Mr. Calverley had told her, and which might have been concocted between him and the Frenchwoman a few minutes before her arrival. 'What had Madame du Tertre in view for seeking for an introduction into this house ? What could be her motive for allying herself with such a woman as Mrs. Calverley ? Whatever motive it might have been, it must be still in existence, for had 6he not made it a condition of assisting him with Alice that he would not interfere with her plans as regards his mother. What could those plans be ? Madame du Tertre was 1 not a mere wretched creature, sponging upon any one who would befriend her, and earning with ftusonae adulation her nightly shelter and her daily bread. She had money of her own, as he understood ; not much, indeed, but sufficient to provide her with the necessaries of lite, and she was the last woman in the world to give up her freedom, and to go in tor mere vulgar mercenary scheming for a material home with such a person as Mrs. Calverley, to endure the posi tion of companion in the grim house in Great Walpole street. She must havesomething large at stake, must be actuated by some ulterior motive of vast import ance. What can that motive be? Who is she? Where did she come from? When and how com menced her acquaintance with Mr. Calverley? All these thoughts were revolving in Martin. Gurwood s mind as he lay back in his chair, with his eyes fixed on the dull red coals. Suddenly a tongue of flame crept forth, and at the same instant an idea shot through Martin's brain, an entirely new idea, but one which, on reflection, seemed worth consideration. He had made one discovery concerning Mr. Calverley for which he and all men were wholly unprepared. . He had heard that men erring in that way seldom contented themselves with a single false step — what may not have been the relations between Mr. Calverley and Madame du Tertre ? Mr. Cal verley was weak and irresolute, this woman's strength of mind and power of will were enormous. She could have turned him hither and thither as she chose, and for some purpose or other, hitherto unknown, she had insisted on his introducing her into his domestic household. Martin Gurwood started forward as a fresh thought stung him. 44 Great Heavens, if this were so ! If this Frenchwoman had held to Mr. Calverley the position which he now more than half suspected, what would become of Alice, who was then entirely in her handB ? Might not this Madame du Tertre be a jealous and vindictive enemy, into whose power his weakness,., his shrinking from the painful task, had led him to abandon this poor helpless girl ? 'What chance would Alice have against one so clever and so determined ? How could he interfere ? How ever could Statham, with all his tact and -worldly know ledge, rescue her from the position in which she had so thoughtlessly been placed ?' 44 'What on earth makes you ask these questions, Martin ?' The harsh grating voice recalled him to himself, but even then he was at first a little dazed. 44 These questions ? What questions ? Oh, I recollect; about Madame du Tertre. Merely curiosity, mother; I could not possibly have any other motive.' 44 Well, now that I have satisfied your curiosity, and told you all I know, -which was little enough, for Mr. Calverley was reticent towards me in that as in all other matters of his life— now that I have done my best to give you this information — perhaps you will oe good enough to return to the subject which I started, and tell me what vou think about my proposition.' 44 You won't expect me to give you a definite answer at once, mother ; as leaving one's parish, with all its old friends and associations, and wholly changing the sphere of one's duties, requires much consideration.' 44 1 should think when the advantages which are offered to you are properly weighed, you would not be very long in making up your mind. There are few young men circumstanced as you are — and you must be good enough to remember that you have nothing but your living to depend upon — who have such a chance offered to them. I have often noticed with great pain that you are devoid of any honourable ambition in your profession, and quite content to live a Hugger-mugger life among farmers and people of that kind. But that is not the sort of life I choose for my son, or the sort of life that I am now able to provide for him. It is my wish that you should come up to town, as I have said before ; that you should live here, and take up a proper position in society ; that you should marry, and ? ' 44 Yes, mother,' said Martin, with a faint 6tnvle, putting up his hand in protest, 44 but surely, as I said before, these are matters which require a little con sideration. By the way, supposing this plan of yours were carried out, what do you propose to do with Madame du Tertre?' 44 Madame du Tertre again,' cried Mrs. Calverley. 44 Bless my soul, Martin, how you do harp upon that woman ; one would really think that you had fallen in love with her yourself. A nice daughter-in-law she'd make; only if you're going to marry her I would rather you would keep in the country, if you please. She would quite shine among the clodpoles at Lullington.' Mrs. Calverley gave vent to a low sardonic chuckle, the nearest approach she ever made to a laugh ; but Martin Gurwood looked very grave. 44 1 do not understand the point of the joke,' he said ; 44 it is, perhaps, because I have been tor some years accustomed only to the society of the clodpoles ; but I confess I do not see anything particularly odd in my inquiring what was to become of one who is now a prominent member in your household after you had carried out the change which you propose to make in it.' Mrs. Calverley was always a little afraid of her son, and there was something in the tone of his voice as he made this remark which constrained her to be civil. 'Idifl not mean anything unpleasant,' she said, with less than her usual rigidity of manner ; 44 1 only thought it odd that you could be in any doubt about the matter. Madame du Tertre is here as my hired companion — when I say is here, I should say ought to be, for I hold her absence just now to be quite unjustifiable, and when it suits my convenience, and I have quite done with her, I shall pay and dismiss her, as such persons are usually paid and dismissed.' 44 You will?' 44 Most certainly ! You cannot imagine for an instant that I had any idea of attaching Madame du Tertre to the new manner of life which I propose for myself and for you ?' Martin's thoughts were beginning to wander again. 44 No, no, of course not,' he said, lialf vacantly. 44 Of course not,' repeated Mrs. Calverley. 44 1 consented to receive Madame du Tertre as my com panion, because I was shamefully deserted by Mr. Calverley, and left to pass all my time in moping solitude. I made a home and a comfortable home for him, and though, as I have said before, he could not appreciate the finer feelings of my nature, I would have been content to put them on one side. Now, I look forward to a very different state of things. You will be my companion, I shall have you instead of Mr. Calverley to deal with, and you will be able to under stand my ways of life, and I shall be able to help you in your career. Under these circumstances Madame du Tertre would merely be a clog upon both of us. I am by no means sure,- Martin,' said Mrs. Calverley, growing very stiff and speaking with great fervour, 44 1 am by no means 6ure that it is a right thing to have a Frenchwoman in the house, even though she is a Huguenot; I have experienced it already on several occasions, when I have found the greatest difficulty in convincing the neighbours that Palmyra belonged to the Reformed Churoh. And with you as a clergyman permanently resident in the house, a sus picion of that kind would be extremely unpleasant. Moreover, there are many other reasons which I think would render Madame du Tertre's further sojovtrn here particularly undesirable, and as she is merel one of the household, it will be of course easy enouoK for me to rid myself of her when I wish. You seem very sleepy, Martin,' said his mother, perceiving that he had relapsed into his former absent condition «' and I think you had better go to bed now that f have given you an outline of my plan, and it is for you to think it over, and see how it will suit you. Js you agree to it, as I have no reason to doubt you will t shall give Madame du Tertre notice to leave directly after her return.' Then Martin rose from his seat, touched with his lips his mother's ear, which she turned round to him for the purpose, and retired to his own room. Once there he put on his dressing-gown and slip pers, flung himself into an easy-chair and resumed at ease the chain of thought which had been so fre quently interrupted. 'But now it contained a new element, which had been imported into it by his mother's last words. Immediately Madame du Tertre returned to the house she would receive notice that her services would be speedily dispensed with What would be the Frenchwoman's feelings at such an intimation ? She had given no sign of any intention to leave her present quarters in Great Wal pole-street ; but, on the contrary, seemed to consider herself completely settled there for some time to come, and was unquestionably desirous of retaining her power over Mrs. Calverley. That Martin recol lected she did not scruple to acknowledge to him. On the other hand, inexperienced as Martin was of matters of the world, he had sufficient tact to perceive that his mother, for her own purposes, had always been particularly civil to Madame du Tertre, and both by her speeches and her actions had led the Frenchwoman to believe that her presence in Great Walpole-Btreet was indispensable to the well-being of the household. When, then, Madame du Tertre on. her return from Hendon is informed by Mrs. Cal verley that different arrangements are about to be made under which her companionship will be no longer required, when she receives that, which, no matter how much politeness is imported into the manner of giving it, is in fact her dismissal, will she not with that shrewdnes and suspicion which are so eminently characteristic of her, at once define that this is not the act of Mrs. Calverley, who has always hitherto been so partial to her, but that this conduct on his mother's part is due to his influence ; and pro vided that she attaches importance to the retention of her position in the Great Walpole-street household, as Martin undoubtedly believes she does, will she not instantly seek to revenge herself for what she imagines to be his interference, and has she not a subject for her vengeance immediately to her hand in poor help less Alice. 44 Who was this woman ? What were the motives prompting her to the game she was playing ? And what would be its result?' To the first question Martin despaired of getting any answer. If the relations between Madame du Tertre and Mr. Cal verley had been as he supposed, it would never have been known, for Martin recollected hearing from his mother that Madame du Tertre had been sent by her to go through the dead man's private papers at his office, and as she had access to them she had no doubt taken care that no evidence should remain in existence of any former connexion between herself and him. # » And as to the future it was all dark and vague. The mist hung over it as it did over the sleeping city, a shivering glance at which Martin took from his bedroom window, and saw the first streaks of the wintry dawn struggling fitfully through the black clouds ere he retired to rest. 