 Boiler at Maritzburg. Ten Thousand British at Frere. The Ninth Lancers still Missing. Ten Thousand British Advancing to Ladysmith Cadets Sent to the Front. A Great Battle at Modder River. Ten Hours' Fighting with 8000 Boers. The British Win. The Battle one of the Foremost in Bnglish Army History. The Ninth Lancers Safe. The Sydney Lancers in Action. One Miasing. (DY CABLE.) LONDON, November 38. Buusr baa arrived at Marilzbarg. General Hildyard baa oooupied Frere with tea thousand troopa. Anxiety is folt for the safety of the Ninth Lancers who pursued the retreating Boars at Graspan. Tho Boors lost eigbtyiono, killed, at tho Battle of Belmont. Fifty thousand rounds of ammunition end 6QT0Q hundred and fifty shells wero dis charged. Ten thousand British are advanoiag to the rslief of Ladysmith where the Garrison is .till vory cheerful. Twenty-four Grenadier Guards were killed and ninety three wounded at Belmont. Ninety seamen were wounded and fifteen killed at Graspan. The loyal Capetown farsaers are organising for th*lr own protection. Tho War Office has ordered fifty senior cadets to be immediately commissioned to replaco the officers killed. Lokxkw, November 29. A grsat battle was fought at Moddcr Hirer on Tuesday last. General Methuen was advancing to Kimberley and defeated eight thousand Uoer» after ten hours* de sperato fighting, Tha Naval Brigade and the Artillery specially distinguished thsm selves. The fight is desorihed as one of the hardest in the annals of tho Brltiah army. No account of the oaiuatties has yet been received. Tho Ninth Lancers arrived safely at a British camp. They were compelled to abandon pursuit of the Boera owing to the tatter's heavy firing. Natives report that the Doers reoated their oamps south of Kimberley. General Cronjo, with three thousand men, is marching southwards. The Sydney Lancers Killed several retiring Boots at Belmont. Trooper Byrne of Para matta is missing. November 30. Further details of Methncn's victory at Modder River are to band. The British numbered seven thousand. Early on Tuesday morning they dis covered the enewy entrenched on the north bank of the river. After an hour's cannonading the infantry advanced in widely extended formation. The whole of the British troops fought without food or water for ten hours in the burning sun and exposed to biting fire from the Boers. They displayed undaunted valor and compelled the latter to quit their po« sition, the engagement apparently being a victory for the gun and rifle fire alone. Methuen ealogises all the troops, particu« iariythe two batteries of artillery. The enemy is likely to be caught between two fires at &pytfontein, fifteen miles south of Kimberley. Buller will command the forces for the relief of Lndysinhh in person. The British farces in South Africa are in* creased to ninety thousand msn. At the battle of Graspan the effect of the shells from the British artillery was terrific. When the enemy's fire slackened Methuen ordered tho seizure of the central stronghold. The Naval Brigade trade the attack and the Boers opened tire at tbrca hundred yards. Then biased out a murderous fire. The officers formed conspicuous tnarks and only threo escaped unscathed. The sailors sought cover and then charged again. Th«y travelled in the open amidst a raging storm of bullets and halted at another kopjo. The wounded were put aside and then the men made another irresistible dash. The Boera fled precipitately. It was a m*r« vel how the Boers stood the shell fire. They retreated under the cover of their guns, but at no time did the retreat develope into a rout. The total BritUH casaalities at Belinoat were 68 killed and 160 wounded. Twelve British were killed in a corbie from Willow Grange, and 65 wounded. Chamberlain says ihe Beers have given England a clean slate whereon to write what they pleased. They had shattered tho con* ?entlons to tbo winds and the supremacy of the British flag wai the only durable guar* anrea of peace and jueUoe. The Qaeon personally referred to the splendid conduct of the Guard* Brigade. Tho Twelfth Lancers inSioted great loss on the Boer relief forces under Commander YVoenaa, After the battle of Gr*span the Lancers were fired upon by women, and one trooper wae killed. All tho Australian contingent are now in splendid trim! end have gono into tbo bar* raeka. There is a complete stoppage of authentic war news from Natal. Later. Two battalions of Infantry and additional 0*v»Iry and Artillery are being sent to reinforce Uethuen'fi columns. (BY TELEGUUTH.) SYDKEY, December 1. The returning Lanoers on the Nlnsrah aro dismayed at the advene comments made in Parliament on their actlou. Several cay they are prepared to return at once to the Transvaal. To tbo Editor of the WESTBRN HERALD. Boar sir,-I think the thanks of the re sldente of Bourke are due to you for the liberal manner yon have distributed the .. War Specials," and I take this opportunity of expressing my appreciation of same, and I trust your enterprise will be rewarded by an increase of subscribers.-Tours, eto., W, WEST BOUGHT?. Bourke, Nor, %7$ 1899. 