 AERIAL MAIL SERVICE FROM LONDON TO AUSTRALIA PROPOSAL EXPLAINED 150 HOURS ALLOWED FOR TRIF SYDNEY. Wednesday. Sir Reginald Lloyd, . wTio was .con nected with tho defence of London, and who is a member ot tho Headquarter Central Detachment of tho Special Constabulary, states that ho proposes to establish immediately after tho declaration of peaco an aerial mail ser vice between London and this country. Mr Lloyd, who recently arrived in Sydney, said that the suggested route was from London to Paris, Marseilles, Sardinia, Tripoli, Port Said, Basra, Karachi, Calcutta, P.angoon, Pcnang, Borneo, Celebes, Cape York peninsula, and thenco to Sydney. It was considered, ho said, that tho journey would bo accomplished In 150 hours, and that a regular weekly ser vice would bo maintained. I "The war," . said Mr Lloyd, "has | brought flying to tho stage of pcrfec- i tlon. Accidents in the air are not more . frequent now than motor aocidents on land, while the ability of skilled fliers I to fly in all weathers is an established I fact. Thus it is possible for an aerial mail service to bo conducted with duo regard to a time-table. The number of fast mail steamers that j has been sunk by submarines in itself is a factor which for a cer- _ tain period after the war will ' cause the conveyance of long dlstanco -malls by sea to remain more or less a chaotic and uncertain business which no stoamship owner will be ablo to maintain with anything approximating tho punctuality adhered to in pro-war times. "Rapid mall carrying steamships will tako. several years to build," said Mr Lloyd, "and certainly none is now being built to replace those which have mot with disaster. It is evident, therefore, that fewer and slower steamers will be available for mail purposes in the future, a fact which adds emphasis to tho call for aerial mail services, and suggests the probability that many long distance mall routes will have to bo reorgan ised on an aerial basis." It is proposed by Mr Lloyd to make I tho trip overlnnd from Bydney to i Cape York Pfcninsula for the purpose of selecting sites for landing places i and for relay stations. 