 Aerial Mail. LONDON TO SYDNEY— 150 HOURS. Among' the recent arrivals in. Syd ney from London, , was Mr. Reginald Lloyd, who has been connected with /tlie defence of Londok), and who is a member of the H.Q.C.D. (Headquarters Central Detachment Special Constabu- lary); ; /which corj>s has taken over , the duties of tlic Life Guards at Bucking ham Palace. Mr. Lloyd is interested in aerial mail services, and said that lie proposed to establish immediately after the declar ation of pea.ee, and for that purpose he was now visiting Australia, an aerial mail service between London and this country. Tlie suggested route was from Lon don. to Paris, via Marseilles, Sardinia, Tripoli, Port Said, Barsa, Karaelii, Cal cutta, Rangoon, Penang, Borneo, Cel ebes, Gape York Peninsula, and thence to Sydney. It was considered that the journey would he acomplislied in 150 flying hours, and that a regular weekly service would be maintained. The war, said Mr. Lloyd, lia.s brought flying to wie stage of perfection, while .accidents i'n . the/ aifv-are no more fre quent now, lieMO'ht en ctdd , than are mo tor aeidentg 'on -land, Mvhile tlie ability of skilled fliers, to fly in all weathers wa.s an established fact. Tlnis, it was possible for ah Kerial mail service to be conducted with,. due regard to time table. V . . .The number . of fast- mail, steamers, too, that have fallen victims to the Hun submarine, is in isdlL a. factor which will for a certain period _ after the war cause the conveyance of long distance mails by sea to remain aiuore or less chaotic and uncertain business; a business which no steamship owner will he able to maintain, with anything approximating tlic punctuality adhered to in pre-war times. Rapid nia.il carrying steamships take several vears to. build, said Mr. Lloyd, and certainly no-iie arc mow being built to replace tliose "which' have met with disaster during tho/wrt'.--' It is evident, therefore, 'that ' fewei'and slower steal ers will be available"! for mail purposes in +he future;- a fact which adds em phasis to .the call for aerial mail, ser- . vices, aud suggests the probability that- many long distance, mail routes: will have to be reorganised on an aerial basis. In answer, to a question, Mr. Lloyd said that in his opinion the initiation of aerial mail services was a; matter .purely for private; enterprise, and was in no way a- Goyernnftnt concern. Th'eV Government/. do) not /own .the steamers, and' seldom own the' tyains, and never- own' the eoa.cfhes, which carry its mail, said Mr, Lloyd, why, therefore, should it- wish' either- to own-ov to interfere with the aircraft performing similar sew-iees? > ., .. . It is proposed, by Mr. Lloyd, before he returns to London, to make tlie trip overland from . Sydney to Cape York Peninsula, which he considers neeessary for the purpose of selecting sites., for landing-places and for relay stations. 