 HOUNSLOW TO THE HEADS. — SIR ROSS SMITH ARRIVES. LONDON TO DARWIN IN 135 HOURS. SYDNEY'S TREMENDOUS WELCOME. Slowly — oh, how slowly It seemed to the watchers below— two men toiled up the circular staircase of the Post Office tower carrying the Australian flag, emblem of victory on many historic battlefields. Emblem to-day of the victory of Australians over the air, four annihilators of time and space: The flag shook out. Sir Ross Smith's Vimy had passed Katoomba. That was the message it flung to the breeze. And immediately Syd- ney began mounting to the housetops. Away to the westward a low bank of fleecy summer clouds massed as though to provide the final thrill and to heighten expectancy and suspense. The watchers strained their myriad eyes. Ah ! there it was. With a rush as of lightning, the glint of the oblique morning sun on shimmer- ing wings, the big 'plane burst through the cloud. True it was still eight miles off. But what of that; not long ago it had been 13,000 miles, half a world, away. Imaginations were fired; the thrill of pride in those Australian boys ran in flashes of fire through the senses. And the first clamorous greeting, futile as to its affectiveness, but none the less genuine and heartfelt for all that, went up from hundreds of thousands of throats. The big 'plane with its escorts, looking like gnats about a hawk, came rushing on. Now it was sailing low over the city's roofs and spires, now wheeling over the fifty thousand who waited at the Australian Aircraft and En- gineering Company's aerodrome at Mascot, then speeding out to sea to return through the portals of Port Jackson. From Hounslow to the Heads! The thing had been done, A few more turns round the city, and the giant 'plane, with its twin engines and propel- lers droning powerfully, slipped into a gentle curve, and then, with the engine cut out and an ominous stillness that had replaced the clamor of but a few minutes before, it dipped suddenly, flattened out, and came to earth as lightly as thistledown to wheel along into the very faces of the madly excited throng. It was all so dignified; no pyrotechnics about it, Never have men been so demonstrably wel- comed in Sydney. No one could hold back the emotions of all those thousands bent on touch- ing the hands that had steered the ship of the air across alpine peaks, blistering deserts, sun- kissed lslets, and shimmering sea, in blizzard, storm, and in fair weather, always holding to the set purpose to get there. The multitude surged round. Anything in the nature of an official function was out of the question. The presentation of an address of welcome from Mayor Hughes, of Mascot, a few congratulatory words from Mr. Garland on behalf of the State Government, an inspection of the guard of honor, with its proudly borne blue and white banner, colors of the 1st Light Horse, and Sir Ross was seized and hoisted shoulder-high, hands outstretched to him on every side. But just for one moment did the crowd leave those boys in peace. That was when, after over five years, mother and father met their two illustrious sons. It was a simple, touch ing reunion. Leaning from their high seats, the boys seized their parents' hands in steel grasps. There were looks of affection ex- changed, a murmured word or two— that was all. The stern clear-cut looking father clamp- ed his lips a little tighter, though of all the waiting crowd he had seemed the least con- cerned. Mrs. Smith, too, preserved a stoic calm the while the excitement grow to burst- ing point all about her. Only in the occasional anxious glance aloft did she betray her thoughts. That simple meeting more impressed than would any outburst of emotionalism. But then people are not given to demonstration in the greatest moments of their lives. And as for Mr and Mrs. Andrew Smith as for their sons. Saturday will surely rank as one of those. What Manner of Men. Impossible to see here what manner of men have accomplished the greatest aerial feat of all time. That inspection must wait till the calmer atmosphere of the Town Hall. There there they were seen in repose---four healthy, keen- Iooking Diggers, not in the least perturbed at all the honor being thrust upon them; indeed seeming in their manner to suggest that they cannot understand what all the fuss is about. Sir Keith Smith indeed says the fact of the matter is "the Australian Government bet us £10,000 to nothing; so we had a go." Looking at the man one could not but feel that he was jesting a little. Behind the keen purposeful face of the leader one fancied he saw the high-minded de- termination formed months ago to set the coping-stone on Australian aerial achievement for the honor of his country more than from any hope of reward. Sir Ross Smith is a fair, sharp featured young man, who looks older than he is, whose brow is slightly lined by care and about whose keen eyes are tiny crows' feet, that tell of long hours of peering into the vast dis- tances. His friends of the air force declare him to be a fearless, calculating leader. When any hint was made that great luck was at- tached to the making of the journey, it brought indignant scorn. "Luck," said one officer. "Why, that trip was 99 per cent ability and farsightedness on the part of Ross Smith. You can call the other one per cent. luck if you like." Fearless Sir Ross. The young leader's war record itself evi- dences his fearlessness. Lieutenant A'Hearn told the story of how he won the Military Cross. "When Ross enlisted in Adelaide in 1914," he said, "he went away with the 3rd Light Horse Regiment. He was engaged in cavalry work until he gained admission to a machine gun squadron in August, 1916. But he was not there long before he was trans- ferred to the Flying Corps. Gaining his pilot's certificate, he knocked his first Hun over Beersheba. And he got a few more of 'em afterwards. "Oh! His M.C. Yes; I remember the in- cident. It happened the other side of Gaza. One of our 'planes had been brought down, and Ross Smith, despite the charging Turks, landed alongside it and picked up the obser- ver, putting him in his own aeroplane. The machine was slow in rising, and the Turks were coming at him. Well, cool as a cu- cumber, he dropped the leading Turks with a left-hand revolver shot, and got clean away with the rescued man." That story in itself indicates the stuff the conqueror of the air of half the world is made of. Sir Keith Smith is older, dark, with frank and less repressed features than his brother. He smiles more; a "likeable chap altogether," as was frequently remarked. His tribute to the mechanics, wholehearted as it was, en- deared him to all who heard it. Keith Smith could not be selfish. Neither could Ross Smith. Of the mechanics, Sergeant Bennett, the big man of the party, is accounted one of the most expert of men among the veritable crop of specialists the war has bred. His assis- tant, Sergeant Shiers, is of the handy, free and easy type that the Digger generally is. But the outstanding future, and one com- mon to all four, is the resoluteness of pur- pose they show in going about doing the sim- plest of things. Not one of them hurried to get out of the fuselage at Mascot when the propellers had ceased revolving. They calmly divested themselves of overalls, and gave a care to the machine before meeting those whom they had not seen for years. Meeting in the Clouds: From Narromine to Sydney was the last stage of the 13,000 miles, and the 308 miles were accomplished in 3 hours 35 minutes. And that despite the fact that the big 'plane slowed nearing the city to enable the smaller escorts to keep formation. A Curtiss 'plane (Captain Les Holden) acted as pilot. Another of the same make Lieutenant N. le Grice) was on the port side, and an Avro (Flight-Com- mander Nigel B. Love) was to starboard. The squadron presented an imposing picture as it swept in perfect array over the Mascot aero- drome, whete the landing arrangements, even to a smouldering signal fire, were supervised by Lieutenant W. J, Warneford, of the Australian Aircraft and Engineerting Company. The big space of 140 acres was kept perfectly clear but for one venturesome photographer, who, however, was not permitted to stay, any longer than it took him to get off the course. Captain Holden, describing the meeting above the clouds, said; "I picked the Vimy up near Penrith. She was sailing beautifully along 6000 feet up and above the clouds. She was in sight for ten minutes before we ranged to- gether. We stayed above the clouds until we came to the upper reaches of the Parramatta, and then we dipped down through them. She's a great machine." He added the last remark as he looked aloft at the king of airplanes sailing low with all the appreciation of a de- votee in his eyes. The intermediate times on the last flight were: — 6.35— Left Narromine. 7.8 — Passed Dubbo. 7.35— Passed Wellington. 8.28— Passed Orange. 8. 50— Passed Bathurst. 3.20— Passed Lithgow. 9-43 — Passed Katoomba. 10.30— Passed Mascot, 10.35— Entered Heads. 11.12— Landed Mascot. The Vickers-Vimy, in negotiating the jour- ney from London to Darwin in 28 days, flew only 135 hours, averaging a speed in all weathers of over 80 miles an hour. Optimism and Caution. Sir Ross Smith, in chatting of the feat, showed clearly his enthusiasm for aviation and for Australia. He appeared more than grati- fied that Australian workmen, by improvisation and skill, bad been able to repair the damaged engine and propeller blade. To him it seemed a fit ending to the flight, which he said might not have been de- layed so much after all since it was cus- tomary after 100 hours of running to take down and overhaul engines. That might have been done at Darwin, but that he was anxious to press on. As one who flew the first great Hand- ley Page machine, he should be an authority, and he is strong for the Vimy as the best of 'planes that could have been alloted the task. To this, in his modest fashion, he attributes most of his success. But, as his brother said, '"You have only to make one mistake in a plane and it is finish." They did not make that mistake---these four. The young knights were enthusiastic over the mountain scenery and the harbor and fore- shores viewed from aloft. 8As to the future of aviation in a commercial sense, Sir Ross Smith was careful to point out, while admit- ting a limited employment of machines to-day, that much had yet to be done before the air would be positively conquered for commerce. Still, he sees big things ahead, and with all the enthusiasm of one born to his craft, he is optimistic, though with that degree of caution that explains why to Aus- tralians belongs the honor of doing what the world thought impossible for many years to come. Great interest was manifested by the public in the construction of the Vimy, and long after the aviators had left for the Town Hall, es- corted from the ground by a troop of mounted police, thousands continued to pour down the narrow approach past the long line of crawling motor cars, merely to see it. Representative Welcomes. The three welcomes given within the space of two hours brought together representatives of all phases of city llfe. Among the num- ber were: Sir George Fuller, Mr. J. Garland, Mr. Ball, Mr. A. James, Mr. Oakes, Mr. J. C. L. Fitzpatricic, Mr. Bruntnell (representing the Ministry), Captain Hurley (Commonwealth official photographer), who flew with the party from Charleville, Mr John Storey, M.L.A., leader of the State Opposition; Mr. Wearne, M.L.A.; Mr. T. Mutch, M.L.A.; Mr. Arkins, M.L.A.; Mr. M'Donald, M.L.C.; Mr. Wm. Brooks, M.L.C. ; Sir Thomas Hughes, M.L.C.; Mr. W. J. Adams, of Messrs, Wm. Adams and Co. (representatives ot Vickers-Vimy in Aus- tralia); Major-General Lee, Brigadier-Generals Cox and Jobson, Commandor Lambton, Col. Eames, P.M.O., Mr. James Mitchell (Inspector- General of Police), ex-Judge Heydon, Captain Roy Teece (R.S.S.I.L.), Captain Cohen, and Mr. P. Meeks (R.S.S.I.L.), and Colonel Granville, in charge of the guard of honor. The setting of the welcome at the Town Hall was particularly appropriate, since all about were tho bush- week decorations. 