 iitiiSf i# Cr^ Off t#t^';p|^^ ilpEiss- hope to le;ap^ rpb^ | i FOR SINGAPORE AT Sm^'V ^ ; ?? ' E- l&^eat 22 Hours Non-Stop Trip Wr^ Sydxtef MAMEAVE RANGOON BEFORE HACK ON SATURDAY I)ERBY .'(w\A.), Wedne^ay.-r-Five hops to London after Ran -' goon, which they hope to /reach! on Saturday, is the plan of the Southern Cross crew, which arrived here, at 10.23 a.m. ( W.A.-.tiine) to'day. They propose to go by way of Allahabad, Karachi, Bagdad and -Rome. Kingsford Smith and Ulm said, they hoped to leave here at 5 p.m. tomorrow for Singapore-^2,0'20 miles away, andlthen co on to Ran coon. . . , r : .r -?...-.. The roar of her three big engines an nounced the arrival . of the Southern Cross at Derby today, after a successful nonstop - flight from Sydney. . Heading south, the Southern Cross made a» perfect landing and taxied to the petrol dump which hoc! been made for her. The 2,000-miles flight had taken 22 hours and one minute,- the plane having left Richmond aerodrome at 2.22 p.m. yester day. The crew reported a perfect trip, but '.ere rather distressed from fatigue and sore eyes, caused by the glare of the sun - on the desert sands. Immediately, on arrival the four airmen h'unued to the hotel for refreshments and vest. COLD FLYING Kingsford Smith and Ulm said that for the first time since they started night flying, they experienced an extremely cold night, with strong northerly winds, which blew them to the south. However, ''LHchfield's accurate observa tions brought them back to 'their -course, 200 miles from 'Derby. ' ' ? .. After leaving Richmond, the last they saw of ' civilisation was the town of- Gil gandra. They: flew over about 1,400 miles of desert country. Except for the ' ex treme cold over . New South Wales, they said the flight was uneventful. The ma chine and equipment functioned perfectly. Half an hour after the Southern .Cross landed, Litchfield and MacWilliams. were in bed, followed soon afterwards by Kings ford Smith and Ulm. The caretaker at the course has taken charge of the Southern Cross until the crew start work preparatory to the take off tomorrow. Kingsford Smith has arranged for -toe Dutch authorities to listen-in during the flight to Singapoie. . . ' Weather reports will be sent' from 'Mel- bourne and fiom Singapore. He proposes to take off fiom the Rangoon racecourse before the meeting on Saturday/ after noon. -- ~ . The Next Hop of the Southern Cross. . The Next Hop of the Southern Cross. 