 SUMMARY OF YESTERDAY'S NEWS y SYDNEY, Friday. Mollison and Scott Flying to England — Australian Securit ies in London — 115,000 Unemployed in N.S.W.— Queensland Fin ances Sound — Abolition of Senate ? — England to Australia in 24 Hours ? — Subsidy for Friendly Societies — Cecil McCormack's Death— Bombs on Shelves— N.S.W. Deficit of £8,500,000 — 'Must Be Federal Appeal to People'— Best 'of Feeling for Australia in Encland. Pilot J. A. Mollison, who intends to attempt a new record flight be tween England and Australia, will leave' Sydney on Tuesday next for .Newcastle Waters. He wili then fly to Derby, West Australia., and leave on May 9 for Batavia. He hopes to reach London in Seven days. Mr. C. W. Scott, the aviator, left Brisbane this morning for Long reach. He hopes to reach Darwin on Sunday. The next day he will hop off on his flight to England. Fears held by some friendly societ ies that the usual subsidies for the current financial year would not be paid by the Government were laid at rest to-day by the statement of the Treasury officials that amounts would be met. The question of reviewing its plan with a view to economy, is now under consideration. The Prime Minister announced in the House of Representatives to-day that the British Government had de cided to appoint a High Commission er in Australia, and until a perman ent appointment was made, Mr. E. T. Crutchley, British Government repre sentative in Australia, would carry out the duties of that office. Alfred John Dillon, 21, and Mat thew Foley, 22, laborers, were charg ed at the Central Court to-day' with the murder of Cecil McCormack. Ac cused were further remanded, bail being refused. » The Soviet has reversed its previ ous decision and given permission for Mr. Wiley P'st= and Mr. Harold tty to fly over Russia on a pro jected round the world flight. Shipowners to-day decided to pick up labor for the waterfront from members of the Permanent and Cas ual Wharf Laborers' Union. More than 170 men were engaged. In one instance the rival factions clashed, but police prevented a disturbance. Archdeacon E. J. Rawlinson, Chap lain to the King, addressing the New castle Diocesan conference, made an outspoken anpeal to the clergy to uidy problems of modern life (says a London message). He said that the laity and clergy were cutting the throats of each othe.r,. and that there ?was a conspiracy of silencs. Never theless, free love and companionate marriage had to be faced. There were novels and films in v^hich the whole basis of sex morals was chal lenged. The average male to-day was at sea. What was needed was a fresh presentation of theological facts. Comparing- the cost of production of picks and mattocks, Mr. William Crick, director of W. H. Plumb (Aus tralia) Ltd., told the Tariff Board that the cost of raw material in Eng land was £5 a ton for British and £4 for foreign, but the best price at which Australian manufacturers could purchase 'locally on a quantity basis was £14 a ton — an increase of approximately 108 per cent, on Brit ish and 280 per cent, on Continental values. Three live German bombs were found last night in the shop of Roy Harris, fruiterer, Victoria Avenue, Chatswood. They were removed to day .by the police, carried out to sea and destroyed. There were cwo aer ial bombs and a hand grenade. Har ris said. 'I have been in the shop for over six months. There were sev eral occupants of the premises before us. The bombs probably were on the shelves for 12 years. 'Little did we realise the dan&er that threatened us.' Mr. Charles Hardy, jnr. leader of the Riverina movement, declared himself emphatically opposed to the suggestion of converting the River ina movement into a political party, on the grounds that it was not dir ectly concerned about tariffs, mar keting or other proposals. It concen trated on constitutional reforms, with the object of eliminating Svate Par liaments and substituting provincial councils with authority over domestic administration, all national- questions ?being invested in the Federal Gov ernment. Addressing a meeting at Mudgee, the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Dunn) said the action of the Upper House during the regime of the Lang Government turned it from a chamb er of review into a chamber of slaughter. He said it had held up legislation for which the Government received an overwhelming mandate. Mr. Dunn reviewed the legislation brought down by the present Gov ernment, and claimed that it was carrying out its promises to the elec tors. He forecasted a deficit of £8, 500,000 at the end of the present year, and declared that it was en tirely due to Mr. Bavin, Mr. Butten shaw Mr. Stevens and membprs of the Legislative Council that had pre vented the Government from remedy ing the position in the only seniibie way which the circumstances war ranted ? by -reduction of interest. 'I am an old politician, yet I have a taste for adventure, I still find in this folly of mine a grain of wis dom,' said* M. Briand, -referring to ; the European. Union, in a speech, in which he sorrowfully indicated that this would be the last he may ever deliver before the European Commis sion. He added that the economic crisis and widespread unemployment showed the necessity for unity. The first task of the Union would be to afford mutual assistance, and there by justify its existence as a son ol the League, which is its mother. When the House of Representat ives resumed the debate on the Sug ar Inquiry Committee^ report to day, Mr. Parkhill (N.S.W.) describ ed the sugar agreement as 'thi greatest political ramp that had eve: been put over in any Australian Par liament.' The embargo was costing the country £5,550,000 a year enough to, pay the annjial interest oi the war debt overseas. Mr. Lyons said to-day that the Op position was determined that therf should be an early appeal to the peo ple at a general election. Some spec ial loan in existing circumstance-, could restore credjt in Australia The Opposition believed the people, of Australia wanted an election, am) there could be no compromise by ths Opposition on the Ministry's policy of inflation. Sir George Fuller, former Agent General for New South Wales i'' London, who returned to. Sydney to day, said that the best of feelinjr. »for Australia existed in England. H- added that the suggestion that there had been propaganda of a hostile character in the English press was not correct. He did not think that conditions in Britain were worse than those experienced by other nations. He had studied very closely the five ?ar plan, and he' found that Russia was dumping, in England, wheat, but ter and timber products, which were produced under conditions akin to slave labor, to the serious disadvant age of producers in England and the Dominions. He did not think there was much hope of relief from the Dresent British Government.. He believed, however, that public opinion would express itself at the ballot box, and the time would come when there would be in power a Government that would safeguard the position of the Old Country. Sir George said he ?was glad that a big movement .had j started in Australia which had the interest of the whole of Australia at heart. The New South Wales Cabinet de cided to-day that Crown employees, who are doing work similar to that performed by those engaged in pri vate industries, should receive the same rates of pay. In order to re tain this principle in the Railway De partment, the State Government will be represented by counsel when the Railway Commissioners appeal to the Full Bench of the Industrial Com mission for certain awards shortly. Little effect was noticeable on Australian securities as a result of Mr. Scullin's statement that the Federal Government cannot meet ob ligations on June 30 without legisla tion. Financial circles are less con cerned at the possibility of default than with, what is behind the Aus tralian Prime Minister's mind. There is a desire everywhere to help definite and concrete Commonwealth plans, instead of continually tempor ising. There is a persistent rumor that facilities exist for the renewal of the £5,000,000 treasury bills on June 30. Well-informed circles do not confirm the story, but do not dis miss the possibility. The experts re port to the Loan Council is being awaited with interest. An interesting sidelight on the unstable market for Australian stocks is that Common wealth sinking funds in London arc being quietly invested. Unemployment figures for the whole of New South Wales last month reached the record total of 115,000. It is estimated that th? dole will cost the State more than £300,000 in the same period. It was | stated at the Department of Labor that the tide had turned in regard to unemployment. More men were get ting casual work. There had been an improvement on the coalfields. For the past 10 months the State's ex penditure on the dole had been £1, 342,000,' but the present rate of ex penditure was well over £3,500,000 a year. In February of last year, the registrations of those out of work numbered only 40,000, compared with 100,000 in February of this year. Th e Queensland Treasurer (Mr. Barnes), said to-day that the finan ces of Queensland were in a sound condition, an-f but for the existing exchange rate that State would have balanced its budget by June 30. British engines, burning heavy oil, are expected by experts to surpass by far German engines ; 3094 are be ing installed on war 'planes, which will be ready for trials in a year, af ter two years' tests on the bench. A communique from the Spanish Ministry of Finance estimated that the total private wealth of the Span ish royal family at December 1 1929, was approximately £1,700,000. The removal of the primage duty on stud stock is being sought by the Graziers' Association. 'Every rea sonable encouragement should be given to the importation of stud stock,' said the president of tho Graziers' Association (Mr. F. H. Tout) to-day. 'Yet the primage duty and the sales tax .are a direct an.i strong discouragement.' Referring to the Senate and its waterside policy, Mr. Scullin stated ?that its only policy was to checkmate the House 'of Representatives, but duty to govern still remained with the Government. If the Senate con tinued on those lines, it would great ly strengthen the already strong case for its 'own abolition. The Senate in its new role — to cripple administra tion — did not pay regard to the fact that it exceeded its powers, and that it had long ceased to represent public opinion. 'One senior Senator threat ens the Government with further reprisals of an undisclosed charact^ er,' added Mr. Scullin, 'but the Go vernment will not be reinfluenced in the slightest degree. It declines to deal with this matter on the basis of what happened on the waterfront three years ago. It is concerned with preserving trade and commerce, deal ing with the nation's present prob lems, and maintaining- peace, order, and good government in the Com monwealth. It looks for the coopera tion and assistance of every good citizen.' 'I am certain that within my life time our youngsters will fiy by aero planes to Australia in 24 hours,' said the pioneer aircraft designer, Mr. A. V. Roe, commenting on the report that a machine was being brought from America to cross the Atlantic n seven hours (says a London Mes sage). 