 24 HOURS' SLEEP To London. MOLLISON. EAGER FOR FLIGHT RECORD. Interesting Career. SYDNEY, Tuesday. XX/HEN" Mr. J. A. Mollison hops oft from Derby, i yobably- at the end of the week, in. an . a Kempt to lower the flight record from Australia to England, ho' expects to have onlv 24 hours' sleep before landing at Croy don. To reduce delay at stopping places he has arranged for tents to be erected at each 'drome, and his schedule allows only four hours rest in each of them. -- "It would eat up too much time to go 'to an hotel to stay,'' declares this handsome, fair-haired youth, who, in am interview yesterday admitted that it had been his ambition for several years to establish a record for tho flight. Mr. Mollison makes light of 'the hazards to be faced. "Once over the Timor Sea," he said, "the dangers are no greater than, flying locally. It all depends on the engine, and, as I have been flying most of my young life, I have a pretty fair idea when a ma chine is functioning property. "Anyhow, the 'plane is a good one. Air-Commodore' Kingsford Smith and Mr. C. T. P. Ulm tested her -"yester day' for speed, and they both re ported a satisfactory 100 miles an hour for cruising. That should be my average on tho trip." Although he has not gone into strict training for 'the flight, the young flier says that ' 'Early to Bed" has 'been 'his motto for some time. And, like Mr. C. W. A. Scott, who ruefully admitted that one ' of the ' things he most regretted about his record flight was that ho had to cut out parties beforehand, Air. Mollison is no't- ac cepting any invitations. LEARNT WITH SCOTT, ' "By the way,- it is a coincidence that Scott&lt; and myself learnt to fly together at No.. 2 F.T.S., Cambridge," die added. "Tha't was in 1923, and afterwards l. spent five years with the R.A.F., part of the time as a test pilot anfl. later as an Instructor." Mr. Mollison has crammed a life time of Inclden't into his flying career. During the two years he spent in the R.A.F. in India,' he saw service at Wazlristan, hurling incendiary bombs and other missiles from his 'plane at troublesome natives, who were . creating "a shindy" on the bor ders of Afghanistan. It meant living for three months in a barbed-wire encampment, eating tinned food, and drinking lukewarm water. 