 [?] Hours Tribunal Is Proposed SHORTER WEEK'S END SAYS LABOR QUESTIONS ASKED IN THE ASSEMBLY £20^000,000 LONDON LOAN URGED SYDNEY, Thursday. . '.The 44 Hours Act was just a clumsy inter ference with industry,' said the Premier (Mr. Stevens) in the Legislative Assembly to-day, reply ing to a question. This . Government believes that hours of labor and conditions of employment should be regulated by a tribunal, to which this Government will give life, but which will be unfettered. In reply to another question, Mr. SteVens said that whether the Loan Council would appeal for new capital would have to be considered in rela tion to the whole position in London. , Mr. Burke (Labor, Newtown) had suggested that the Loan Council be urged to borrow £20,000, 000 overseas. Mr. Kniaht Mr. Rold Mr. Knight (IAb., Hartley) di rected attention to- the' German Gov ernment's recommendation ' to' re duce the working' week In. order to absorb unemployed, and . he asked the Premier If his Government would consider taking similar action. Mr. Budd ? ? (CJ.C.P, Byron). .And wlU^the Government take^ inrjtrcbn-- alderatlon its -^effect In-primary '[-'in- dustries? Mr. Stevens: The Government ?' is very definitely, of the opinion- that a great deal of misery has been caused by direct legislative action designed to fix the hours of laljur, and a Bill Is to be Introduced next week to give the Arbitration Coin mission power to flx the hours in Industry. It will provide for the tribunal to take into consideration the effect its contemplated decision will have on industry. Mr. Clyne. (Lab., King): That mean3 repealing the 44 Hours Act. Mr. Stevens: The 44 Hours Act was just a clumsy interference with industry. This Government believes that the hours of labor and condi tions of employment should be rejru lated by a tribunal to which this Government will give life, but which will be unfettered. Loan Prospects In replying to Mr. Burke (Labor, Newtown), the Premier (Mr. Stev ens) said that whether the Loan Council would appeal for new capital would have to be considered in re lation to the whole position In London, because of the conversion loans falling due. Mr. Burke's question was for the Mr. Clyna Mr. Burke Premier to advocate, at the next meeting of the Loan Council, an ap peal to borrow £20,000,000 oh the London market to give a fillip to re habilitation, in view of the cheapness of money. In continuation of his reply, Mr. Stevens s&id that the suggestion would have to be considered in the light of reports that would be sub mitted to the Loan Council. 'I think Mr. Burke will discover, in the course of a few weeks,' went on Mr. Stevens, 'that tho Loan Council Is ' making . an appeal for conversion of New South Wales loans.' Bank Interest -In-. answer .to. Mr.- Bato (IT.A.P., South Coast), the Premier said that i Mr. A. E. Budd H. J. Bate he did not think anyone would have any cause for complaint about the concerted action the banks would take in regard to interest reduction. At present it would be difficult to take any action to bring banks, with headquarters overseas, to fall into line with the local banks with re gard to. Interest charges. Loan Grants 'The allocation of loan money is under consideration,' Bald the Pre mier; in answer to Mr. Budd (U.C.P., Byron); who wanted some made available Immediately to municipal councils and shires to go ahead with urgent works. Select Committee Mr. J. Reid (U.C.P., Casino; gave notice that on Tuesday he would move' for the appointment of a fur ther select- committee to Inquiry Into Lucknow gold leases. (Continued on Page 7) . State Parliament .(Continued from Pago 1) CONNELL WAS NQT TOLQ PREMIER'S VISIT ,TO NEWCASTLE COMPUINTS~IN HOUSE SYDNEY. Thursday. Mr. Connell (Labor, Hamilton) asked in the Legislative Assembly to day whether it was a fact, as stated by the Mayor of Newcastle, that the Pre mier intended to pay an official visit to Newcastle. Mr. Harper, U.C.P.: He might pick up an illuminat ed address while he's » up there. MB. CONNELL: Is it a fact that/ on the occasion of a forme; visit, the Mayor of NowcastV only was informed, and that tJ- olected representatives of the if trlet were not Informed at all, as/n this occasion. Has not the Prei/er doparted from the usual custon/ of advising the district member* of contemplated visits, so thaf' tho people might bo able to meet fcm by way of deputations arranged h the elected representatives, and /-t by self-constituted representative. Mr. Stevens replied that £e was sorry if Mr. Connell had )0t been notified of the visit. / Ha had given instruction to his secretary that district/ members must bo notified, and he,iad spoken to several members for /he district, who had told him thiv they were aware of his visit. . 7 It Mr. Connell had f-t also been Informed it was entire}' an inadvert ence. / Farmers' Kfiief Bill When Mr. Badde/y (Lab., Cess nock) directed attet/ion to the views of the Graziers' A^bolation on tho Farmers' Relief Bll. and suggested that the Government should convene a conference representing all prim ary producing ltcerests, the Premier (Mr. Stevens) jJplled that no good purpose would --o served by holding a conference. /' 'The public /s looking for action and will get li' he added. Trust Funds In reply p Mr. Wade (U.C.P.. Bar won), the Atlnlster for Justice (Mr. Martin) s^d that the question of misappropriation of trust funds was having tte very serious attention of the Govtfnment, and he hoped that the Bill to deal with misappropria tions of stock and station agents and ^others would be brought down early next yeir. Endowment Position The. Premier (Mr. Stevens) stated to-day that he would shortly intro duce a Financial Emergency Bill to give effect to the proposal outlined in als budget speech. With r-gard to Family Endow ment tho Premier said no wished to make it clear. that it was not proposed to deprive workers un der Fediral awards of endow ment. Endowment paid to them, howevo', would bo financed from another fund. 