 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TEN HOURS ?Mr. Eric iQngsford Smith, in an article in 'The Sydney Mail,' indul ges his fancy in writing that the trip to London from Sydney will, be done in ten hours neat in a few ytsars time. He points out that air speeds, in the dense atmosphere at sea-level, have already exceeded 400 miles per hour. Wnat of speeds to be obtain- j ed in the stratosphere? j He writes: — We step into the great stratosphere I 'plane at 9 o'clock on a bright Sat urday morning at Sydney, en route for London, 10,000 miles away. As we climb even higher 'into the blue,' the first nip of Jack Frost comes in from the outside air, so the steward turns on the heater. Up and still up we go, 15,000, 20,000, 25,000 feet show on the altimeter, and presently we feel a distinct difficulty in breathing and the 'other symptoms accompanying lessened air pressure. Soon the pilot closes all direct con nections with the atmosphere, turns on the artificial oxygen supply and the waste carbon dioxide absorption plant. We are now in a hermetically seal ed cabin, but of course we can still see through the heavy plate-glass windows. Glancing at the instru ments, we observe our height to be 40,000 feet and the speed indicator shows 800 miles per hour after cor rections have been made for its in correct reading due to the lessened air density. Finally the 'plane stead ies on her course at 55.000 feet, the air speed at 1000 miles per hour, which is augmented by a steady air current helping us to still higher ground speeds. What scenic wonders unroll be neath us! Par below are scattered clouds, and in between- glimpses are caught of the ocean set with funny litOe green dots — the smaller islands of the East Indies. Presently we pass over rugged mountains, dwarfed to mere irregularities on the surface of the earth. A changing colour scheme cf greens, blacks and browns appai'ently .without coherent mam ing, continues to unfold. We realise it is a confusion of forests, rocks, and plains: but details are unimport ant at this, vast height — the mass, the whole, is all that matters. Whole countries pass bv — India, Persia — and then comes Europe. 'When shall we reach London?' At our hurtling speed we estimate our flying time should be about ten hours from Sydney. Yes, we are now over France, and another quarter of an hour should see us there. Our watch shows € p.ni.— why isn't the sun lowering in the west? Here comes the English Channel, showing like a piece of ribbon — fortunately there is no rain or fog— and we now rapidly lose height, and in a short while we land safely at Croydon air port. Our first query is for the time. Nine a.m.! But we left Sydney at that time, and we haven't been, twenty four hours in the air! No, it is still 9 a.m. on Saturday, and then we -realise that English time is ten hours behind our Australian clocks, and to all intents and purposes we have arrived in London as soon as we left Sydney. A few miles per hour faster and we would put Ein stein to shame and arrive before we leave. ' ~ 'ATgaih' far-fetclgd, .gome will sity. But who dares say 'impossible' in these days of space annihilation? Dilbey: 'How does Bickleson man age to keep himself so 'fit?' Dubley: 'Well, he says it's with standing each day in one'1 position and swinging a club for a whole hour.' Dibley: 'Oh, is he another of those golfers?' 