 THINKS SYDNEY A SECOND LONDON MR. B. BENN RETURNS FROM HOLIDAY VISIT Back By Plane And Taxi In 8| Hours After a three weeks' holiday Mr. Bruce Benn, of Florence street, has returned home with the impression that Sydney is a "second London." Mr. Benn visited the Empire's capital a few years ago. On the way back from Sydney Mr. Benn made what must be one of the quickest journeys ever undertaken by a Piriean. He was in Pirie eight and a half hours after he had left Sydney. Mr. Benn flew from the New South Wales capital to Adelaide, leaving Mascot aerodrome at 8 a.m. (7.30 South Australian time) and landing in Parafield at 1.10 p.m. Hiring a &nbsp; taxi for the road journey to Pirie he reached here at 4 p.m. On the aerial part of the journey Mr. Benn travelled in a Lockheed plane belonging to Ansett Airways service. "It was interesting above the clouds, being in the sunshine &nbsp; with nothing but mist below, he said. The plane was not over cloud all the time, but flew high. Rhe pilot &nbsp; said it was 8,000 ft. above the earth. Mr. Benn found an overcoat desir able in the air, but was able dis &nbsp; card it when the warmer ground air was encountered at Parafield. On the journey to Sydney, Mr. Benn went from Adelaide by boat. &nbsp; The interstate liner in which he travelled had a full complement of passengers. The weather kept about &nbsp; half those on the ship away from meals, but Mr. Benn never missed taking a place in the dining room. A programme on talking dogs(?) was shown on the boat every other night. MET PIRIE A.I.F. SOLDIERS In Sydney Mr. Benn met several Pirie members of the Second A I.F. including Ptes. J. Laurasen, F. Fitz gerald. C Coffey, and J. Upton. He &nbsp; &nbsp; said that the Pirie boys, who are in &nbsp; camp near Sydney, were enjoying &nbsp; themselves, and were looking forward &nbsp; to going overseas. &nbsp; Mr Benn was in Sydney, when H.M.A.S. Perth, Australia's new cruiser, arrived. One of his most enjoyable experi &nbsp; ences was a harbor cruise on the showboat Kalang. On the big three decker ferry, he said, there were an orchestra, ample space for dancing, and all forms of refreshment. The Pirie visitor thought that the traffic was orderly and that road courtesy was more observed in Syd ney than in South Australia. One way streets through the city, where motorists could pass or park on either side, simplified traffic prob &nbsp; lems. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr. Benn was, also impressed by the courtesy of the Sydney police men. &nbsp; Not only were there an enormous &nbsp; number of taxi cabs in Sydney. but they were also in constant use. He was told that one of the many arms(?) had more than 500 taxis in service. &nbsp; &nbsp; Despite the number of licensed hire cars in operation Mr. Benn was un &nbsp; able to get one on thee morning he &nbsp; left for Pirie. After waiting several minutes for a taxi to appear he walked a block and caught a tram. &nbsp; Mr. Benn thought that used cars &nbsp; could be bought more cheaply in &nbsp; Sydney than in this State. He was &nbsp; told that the used car business was &nbsp; buoyant. &nbsp; &nbsp; "Generally I do not feel that things are cheaper in Sydney than Pirie. I doubt whether a town can be found in Australia where things can be bought much more cheaply than in Pirie." he added. 