 Sydney Fought For Three Hours Sunday Mail Special Cables and Australian Associated Press LONDON, July 20. A THREE-HOUR bottle before the Sydney sank Hie A Italian warship, is revealed in a Rome communique. There were two Italian light cruisers, the Giovanni Delle Bandv Nere and the Bartolomeo Colleoni in rlie engagement, while the com munique claims that there were also two cruisers of the Sydney type, in addition to four destroyers. 'Notwithstanding the great superiority of the enemy forces, our cruisers engaged in battle, in flicting heavy losses, it says. 'The Bartolomeo Colleoni was hit in a vital spot and sank fight ing fiercely. The majority of her crew are believed to have been saved. 'Italian bombing units reached the enemy naval forces and re peatedly bombed them, scoring various hits on the cruisers. One enemy ship sank in flames. All our planes returned to their bases.' It is learnt authoritatively in London that there was not a second British cruiser in the battle. Only the Sydney and destroyers were present. As far as is known the Sydney was not hit by a bomb. The j Italian claim that a British ship| was sunk in flames was not true. Leander Class The Leander class, to which the Sydney belongs, was built during Mr. A. V. Alexander's previous term as First Lord, and he had to combat fierce criticism of the utility of the class. It was the first real breakaway from the costly 10,000-ton cruisers of the Washington Treaty. The Sydney (6830 tons), com manded by Captain J. A. Collins, accompanied by a small force of destroyers, encountered the Bar tolemeo Colleoni (5069 Ions) and another Italian cruiser north-west of Crete early yesterday morning. The Barlolemeo Colleoni was siinli by gunfire from the Sydney, and (he other Italian cruiser fled, with the British ships in purMih. Giving prominence to the Syd ney's victory, the London news papers emphasise the Bartolemeo Colleoni's speed, and refer to claims that she was the world's fastest cruiser. Tfie Times' naval correspondent says that the nom inal speed of this class of cruiser is 37 knots, but the Bartolemeo Colleoni is reported to have at tained 40 knots in trials. Even this did not seem to have been quite enough. It is evident, the Daily Telegraph correspondent says, that the Bartnlemeo Colleoni, like the Graf Spec, was trying to do too much on a limited displacement. Otherwise, she would not have been carrying the same armament as H.M.A.S. Sydney on 1800 less tonnage. The Sydney, formerly the Phae ton, was completed in 1934, and carries eight 6in and eight 4in guns. The Bartolemeo Colleoni. completed in 1930, had eight 6in. and six 3.9in guns. Map of Battle Area — Page 3. 