 Italy's Fastest Cruiser Wasn 't Fast Enough H.M.A.S. SYDNEY VICTORIOUS IN THREE HOURS BATTLE 14m. edition Our Navy Also Sinks A Submarine From Our Special correspondent and Australian Associated Press LONDON, Saturday. In a three hours battle at dawn against Italian cruisers, H.M.A.S. Sydney yesterday sank the crack warship Bar- tolomeo Colleoni, north-west of Crete. The other Italian cruiser fled, with the Sydney in pursuit. A Rome communique officially admits the loss of the Bartolomeo Colleoni, pleading that the Italian cruisers faced superior odds. The Italian communique naively declares "it is believed that the majority of the sunken cruiser's crew were saved;" the British report explains that 250 were picked up by one of the destroyers which accompanied H.M.A.S. Sydney. It is authoritatively stated in London that the official Italian communique's statement that two cruisers of the Sydney class were engaged in the battle, is false, only the Sydney being present with destroyers. As far as is known the Sydney was not hit by any bomb and the Italian claim that a British ship sunk aflame, is untrue. Jubilant London Letters from members of the Sydney's crew describe how the cruiser took part in a former naval battle in which an Italian destroyer was sunk. London delightedly hails the Sydney's dramatic proof that the Bartolomeo Colleoni, claimed to have done 40 knots in her trials, was just not quite fast enough to escape accurate gunnery from a cruiser no more heavily armed. It is pointed out that in this, the second cruiser-to- cruiser battle in Australia's short naval history, H.M.A.S. Sydney gloriously repeated the success of her predecessor in the Great War, the victor of the Emden. Swift on top of the news of the Sydney's success it was announced yesterday that it was the Australian destroyer Voyager which had sunk an Italian sub marine off Alexandria last month. The news of the victory of H.M.A.S. Sydney, which was commanded by Captain J. A. Collins, R.A.N., came as an answer to Hitler's Reichstag threats, and London newsagents, robbed by the newsprint restrictions of printed posters, didn't hesitate to choose between the two items for their home-made display boards. One Fleet-street newsagent's hand-made poster read: "Australian warship sinks cruiser. Another one in the (here followed a drawing of a human eye) for Musso." Into Enemy Waters The Sydney is the first war ship in this war to have sunk a cruiser by gunfire. The nearness of the battle to the Dodecanese Islands proves that the British Navy is taking the fight right into what Mussolini regards as Italian waters, and if the fastest cruiser in the world ,is not fast enough for the latest run-at-sight type of naval warfare, Italy must obviously be forced to change her tactics or keep her ships in port. The naval correspondent of "The Times" writes that the nominal speed of this class of cruiser is 37 knots, but the Bartolomeo Colleoni is report ed to have attained 40 at her trials. v "Even that does not seem to have been quite enough," says the writer. The position given by the Admiralty communique, 'to the north-west of Crete," is in close proximity to the Italian Dodecanese Islands, if not among them, and this action like that on July 9, when an Italian sauadron with battle- ships ran away from a British force, was fought in waters which the Italians claim to dominate with their naval and air forces. The hollowness of the claim is now manifest, says "The Times" correspondent. Interview with mother of H.M.A.S. Sydney's Captain, Page 8, Women's Section; earlier Sydney battle, Page 4, Col 7. H.M.A.S. Sydney's Triumph "Shown Italians " Says Menzies Continued from Page 1 "The action in which H.M.A.S. Sydney sank the fast and modern 6in. gun Italian cruiser, Bartolomeo Col- leoni, is a happy augury of what will happen to the Italian fleet if ever it comes out to fight," said the Prime Minister, Mr. Menzies, last night. "'THIS fine exploit," said Mr. 1 Menzies, "makes the name of Sydney indissolubly "linked with the great traditions of the British Navy. "Particularly will this city, the naval centre of Australia, and one with a profound interest in the sea, be delighted with the news. It seems only the -other day that some of my colleagues and I went out through the Heads on H.M.A.S. Sydney to witness a shoot. "Captain Collins has for years been regarded as an outstand ing officer, Australian to the fin gertips, and a determined leader. "We congratulate him and his offi cers and men on this fine achieve ment." Admiral Sir Ragnar Colvln said that the brilliant success of the Syd ney was no more than he would ex pect from Captain Collins, his offi cers, and men. "The Royal Australian Navy is proud and envious of the Sydney's fine achievement," the Admiral add ed. Cameron's Joy The Minister of the Navy, Mr. Cameron, was surprised yesterday ifantf a WttO null uyillg 11UIJ1 evei.Y building in Sydney and suburbs in honor of the Sydney's victory. In great heart because of the Sydney's feat, he revealed that it was the Australian destroyer Voyager whicli sank an Italian submarine off Alexandria last month, and thus drew tlrst blood for Australia and the Australian Navy. "Sydney should be proud of the fact," Mr. Cameron said, "that a cruiser carrying her name has a record of two engagements and two kills — the Emden bv the first Sydney and now the Bartolomeo Colleoni, one of the fastest cruisers in the world. Laconic Cable "But Australia as a whole should be proud. Once more the Australian Navy shows the world that the British traditions which live in It have a deadly meaning. When Mr. Cameron used the word "kill," he said he had bor rowed it from a laconic news flash from the navy in the Medi terranean a short time ago. The flash read: "Voyager killed submarine off Alexandria to-day." "It sounded as if they had been fox-hunting." said the Minister. The Sydney, launched as H.M.S. Phaeton, but acquired by the Com monwealth, is a vessel of 6830 tons, carrying eight six-inch guns, with 12 smaller guns. She was completed in 1935. Her speed is 32J knots. The Bartolomeo Colleoni was a ship of 5069 tons, also armed with eight six-inch guns and 22 /smaller weapons. Including anti-aircraft guns. She was completed in 1932, and had a complement of 500. N.Z. Congratulates WELLINGTON, Saturday. - Tile pleasure with which New Zea- landers heard about the Sydney's vic tory was expressed in the following message sent by the Premier, Mr. Fraser, to the Australian Prime Minister, Mr. Menzies: — "On behalf of the Government and people of New Zealand, I desire to extend the warmest congratulations on the success of H.M.A.S. Sydney, and will be grateful if you will convey this message to the captain and offi cers and the ship's company." 