 LONDON-SIDNEY MY ASK IN 60 HOURS POST-WAR PLAN "Telegraph" Special LONDON, July 13: Sixty hours between London and Sydney — that is the British Overseas Airways Corporation plan for civil aviation immediately after the war, it was disclosed today by Brigadier-General A. C. Critcliley (Director-General of the corporation) in an exclusive interview with "The Telegraph." "Our proposed service to Aus tralia will be well under three days," he said. "Wc contemplate flying around the world in four and a half days and London will be no more than three days from any part of the world." BOAC plans for after the war envisage two services to Aus tralia from England. The speedi est will be a mail service, which also will carry passengers who are in a hurry, and will be via a great circle route from London to Moscow, to Urumchi (China), to Chungking, to Manila, to Sydney. Tho second "slower" passenger service will take three to four days and will be along the pre war Empiro route, tho BOAC transferring passengers to the Australian service at Calcutta or Singapore. Alternative Route Via Tokio "Subject to the permission of the Chinese and Soviet Governments, we anticipate using the great circle route immediately planes are avail able," said Brigadier-General Crit- chley. "I do not anticipate any difficul ties, but liavc un alternative route over Greenland and the North Pole to Tokio and then to Aus- trhlia, via New Guinea. "The great circle mail route will not be comfortable from the passen ger point of view— at least not for the start— but we intend to utilise luxury planes on the alternative route with sleeper accommodation for passengers. . "The planes which will be used are at present in the blue print stage and wc do not even know bow many passengers we will carry. By cauying 20 passengers we can pro vide greater comfort than by carry ing 5b to 60. Whether we used land planes or seaplanes also will depend on circumstances. Experts say land planes are the best up to 200,000 lb. all-up load, but above that specialised landing grounds and landing gears are necessary.' "1 already have had sever-1 dis cussions with the managing direc tor of Qantas-Emplre Airways (Mr Hudson Fysh) and the chairman of Union Airways of New Zealand Ltd (General Norris Falla), and we are blue-printing the future of civil aviation throughout tho Empire. "1 will be leaving shortlv on a world tour, In which I will cover 50,000 miles, and expect to visit Australia next year on post-war plans. We would welcome the closest possible co-operation with Australia and the other Dominions. "There is going to be a tremendous future for civil aviation after the war, and Australia is going to play a big part. The closer we get to gether and avoid competition the better it is going to bo for every one. "Whot 1 told you is our plans for airlines to Australia immediately after the war— in oth. words, im mediately planes are available. But for the not distant future we also have planned alternative routes to Australia. Our services to tho United States, Canada and Japan will be across the North Pole, ind It will be a simple thing to extend them to Australia. The Indian Ocean- great circle route from Australia to Africa also will be of value," Airfield Negotiation "At present it boils down to a question of airfields which must be the subject of international negotia tion and agreement," said Brigadier- General Critchlcy. "I think all the nations will reach an agreement, providing corridors across their ter ritory for planes of all other nations. "Our rapid service on the great circle route will bring Australia approximately 3,000 miles closer to England than the pre-war route." In Brigndicr-Gencral Critchlcy's view, London Will be the air met ropolis of the world. Plans for a great central airport, the site of which has been chosen, but is a secret, already have been drawn up and is so situated that passengers will he able to arrive In central London by railway within half an hour. The plans show a tremendous runway almost two miles long. FtfTURE OF AIR TRANSPORT IN AUSTRALIA SYDNEY: Colonel Lewis Landes, quartermaster of the US Army Ser vices of Supply, said last night with the vast territory to be covered and opened up, the future of air trans port In Australia was very great As a result of the war, aircraft activities and facilities in Australia would be tremendous and would have gained considerably from the type of work being done now by tlic United States Army. He added that Australia would in herit from the US Army a great legacy of material resources on which to reconstruct for peace. i 