 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 4 HOURS News that British jet-propelled aircraft have opened up a new era of flight lehds interest to a paper read by Mr W. Hudson Fysh, managing director of Qantas Empire Airways Ltd, before the Insti tute of Transport. He envisages "space" flights from Sydney to London in four hours. Here is a summary of the paper: Just before the birth of the aero plane, scientists and inventors turned towards the rocket to solve the prob lem of space flight, and on Septem ber 30, 1929, Fritz van Opel made the first flight in a rocket-propelled aero plane. He rose to 49 feet, attained 85 m.p.h., then crashed after one and a quarter miles of flight. In 1930 Max Valier was killed in a rocket car accident — the first vic tim toj this new sciene. By this year rocket clubs were forming all over the world. REACHED 7000 FT. In 1931, rockets sent up by Rein- hold Tiling, at Osnabruck, reached 6000 ft. and a speed of 700 m.p.h. Safe landings were effected by small rotating autogyro-like blades, which automatically unfolded when the upward momentum was lost. Then came the first successful flight by jet-propelled aeroplane. Naturally, news on such matters in wartime is vague, but we do know that Mussolini decorated the famous Italian speed pilot, Colonel Carlo Bernadine, for test flying a jet- propelled aircraft. A speed of 630 m.p.h. was said to have been attained. At the highest level yet reached by man — about 14 miles — the air den sity is only one-tenth of that at sea level. As balloon and aeroplane ascents depend on the presence of air, it can be readily seen that considerable in creases in altitude cannot be hoped for from either type of conveyance. 3000 MILES AN HOUR ! The first explorations into the thinly-aired outer atmosphere of the earth, 30, 40, and 50 miles distant, and on into actual airless space at 250 miles, will probably be accomplished by means of the further develop ment of the rocket, or jet-propelled object. David Lasser, president of the American Inter-Planetary Society, considers trips from point to point on the earth will probably be car ried out at 30 miles above the sur face, where the air density is only 1000th of what it is at sea level, and speeds up to 3000 m.p.h. would be achieved. From Sydney to London would oc cupy about four hours. The earth would present a new and wonderful picture, and the strange phenomenon would be witnessed of the sun tra velling the opposite way through the heavens until it finally sank in the east. 