 Sydney To London in Four Hours Envisaged News that British jet-propelled aircraft have opened up a new era of flight lends interest to a paper read by Mr. W. Hudson Fysh, managing director of Quantas Empire Airways, Ltd., before the Institute of Transport. He envisages "space" flights from Sydney to London in four hours. Here Is a summary of the paper:— Just before the birth of the aeroplane, scientists and inven tors turned towards the rocket to solve the problem of space flight, and on Septemoer 30, 1929, Fritz van Opel made the first flight in a rocket-propelled aero plane. He rose to 49 feet, at tained 85 mph, then crashed, after one and a quarter miles of flight. Many Rocket Clubs In 1930 Max Valier was killed in a rocket car accident— the first victim to this new science. By this year rocket clubs were forming all over the world. In 1931, rockets sent up by Reinhold Tiling, at Osna- bruck, reached 6000ft., and a speed of 700 mph. Safe-landings were effected by small rotating autogyro - like blades, which automatically un folded when the upward momen tum was lost. . Then came the first successful flight by jet-propelled aeroplane. Naturally, news on such matters in wartime is vague, but we do know that Mussolini decorated the famous Italian speed pilot, Colonel Carlo Bernadine, for test-flying a jet-propelled air craft. A speed of 630 mph was said to have been attained. At the highest level yet reach ed by man — about 14 miles— the air density is only one-tenth of that at sea level. As balloon and aeroplane ascents depend on the pre sence of air, it can be read ily seen that considerable increases in altitude cannot be hoped for from either type of conveyance. 3000 Miles An Hour! The first explorations into the thinly-aired outer atmosphere of the earth. 30, 40, and 50 miles distant, and on into actual air less space at 250 miles, will prob ably be accomplished by means of the further development of the rocket, or jet-propelled ob ject. David Lasser, president of the American Inter - Planetary Society, considers trips from point to point on the earth will probably be carried out at 30 miles above the surface, where the air density is only 1000th of what it is at sea level, and speeds up to 3000 mph would be achieved. From Sydney to London would occupy about four hours. The earth would pre sent a new and wonderful . picture, and the strange phenomenon would be wit nessed of the sun travelling the opposite way through the heavens until it finally sank in the east. 