 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR HOURS. News that British jet-propelled air- I craft have opened d]- a new era of i flight lends interest to a paper read J by Mr. W. Hudson Pysli, managing director of Qantas Empire Airways Ltd., before the Institute of Transport. He envisages, ''space' flights from .Sydney to London in four hours. Here is a summary of the paper: Just before the birth of the aero plane, scientists and inventors turned towards the ticket to solve the prob lem of space night, and on Septem ber 30. 1929, Fritz van Opel made the first flight in a rocket-propelled aero plane, lie rose to 49 feet, attained 85 m.p.h., then crashed after one and a quarter miles of flight. In 1930 ? Max Valier was killed in a rocket car accident — the first victim to this new science. ?? I By this year rocket .clubs were I forming all over the world. REACHED 7000 FEET. In 1931. rockets pent up by 'Rein hold Tiling, at Osnaberg, reached fiflOO feet and a speed of 700 m.p.h. Safe landings were effected bytsmall rotating autogyro-like blades, which automatically unfolded when the up ward momentum was lost. Then come the first successful flight bv .jet-propelled aeroplane. Naturally, news on such matters in wartime is vaeue, hut we do know that Mussolini rirooratPd the famous Italian speed nilnt. Colonel Carlo Beradinc, for test flying a jet-propelled aircraft. A snped of C30 m.p.h. was said to have been attained. At ihp highest IptoI ypt reached by man — about 14 milps — the air den eitv is only one-tenth of that at sea level. . As balloon and aeroplane ascents. ! drpend on the presence of air. it can | be readily spen fiat considerable in- ? Teases in altitude cannot be boned I for fro*i- either tvpe of conveyance. I 3non MTT.pt; ak t-TOTTT?: J The first exploration^ into 1he I thinly-af'-ed outer aimo~n''ere of the | earth. 30. 40 and 50 miles 'distant. I p'd on into actual af'-'ess sdocp at I 2R0 Tni)ps. will nrobablv l)p accom nliohed bv Foans of f'e further fle vplomnent 'f the rocket, or jet p)i*ipllo(J obipft. Da^irl I,qK=er. nv^sirtent ' of the American Intpr-Planetnry Society, con siders tvipp from nn'nt to no'nt om Hip parti) will nrobphlv be carried out nt 30 mi'es al-o'e il-e siivf««-o. wlipre (he air denfiitvis onlv 1000th of what is is at pea level, and sneed'* up to 3000 m.pT-. would be ^arhiBved. From Svdr-pv to T.ondoi wo'H occn'v Pbouf four hours. Tbe parth vnnlfl pre^^nt a new fliirt wnnripvful iij^-tnvp. allrt the ptvange phenomenon I would Tie witnp-sed of Op sun travel [?I'na; the o''isife w»v tbro.^ii fiie bppi'ens until it finally sank in the east. - - 