 SYMEY TO LONDON IN New Civil Air Service Upon his return to Melbourne yes- terday after 35,000 miles of flying in a Liberator placed at his disposal by the British Air Ministry, and manned by an Empire air crew. Mr Drakeford, Air Minister, announced that a passenger service, Sydney to London in 60 hours, would begin to operate "in the reasonably near future." Training of the special personnel released from the RAAF had begun, he added, and Mr Hudson Fysh would arrive in Australia in a few days to organise the Sydney end of the arrangements. " ," . , ., Developments in British aircraft construction were so advanced that he could safely say that Britain would be well to the front in civil aviation after hostilities ceased, and Australia would be turning out an up-to-date type of commercial air- craft off the production lines. Advances in aeronautical science immediately after the war would re- sult from jet propulsion, application of radio science to aircraft, and roany factors to increase the al- ready high safety element. In Eng- land he had witnessed a demonstra- tion by a jet-propelled aircraft, which, despite its terrific speed, was quite as manceuverable as any other aircraft. And when he was in Wash- ington he saw the arrival of a giant two-decker 'plane, which had flown from Seattle to Washington in 6 hours 3 minutes-an average speed of 380 miles an hour-carrying two 14-ton trucks on one deck, with all their materials, and 100 personnel on the other deck. TECHNICAL AGREEMENTS Speaking of the Chicago conference in November and December, at which ¡he had represented Australia, Mr Drakeford said that viewed in re- trospect the conference must be re- garded as a success, because of the unanimity achieved among 52 na- tions on principles and procedures, air navigation, and technical de- velopments. Aircraft engaged in in- ternational commerce would be able to fly anywhere over international routes, which would be standardised throughout the world for radio and navigational aids, meteorological in- formation, registration, and certifica- tion of personnel and aircraft, and many other matters of importance in the safe operation of airlines. Pro- visions laid down at the Paris Con- vention of 1919, and Havana 1928, had been brought up to date and accepted by all nations represented at the conference, subject to rati- fication in due course by the nations concerned, ¡BREACH ON POLITICAL ASPECTS li was only when an attempt was made to secure unanimity on the political and economic aspects of postwar civil aviation that marked divergences of opinion were revealed. Those differences would undoubtedly be.resolved in future conferences, but in'the meantime conduct of au' com- merce would have to be left to bi- lateral agreement between states on such questions as allocation of in- ternational air routes, fares and freight rates, and subsidies. The two opposing schools of thought were led by the United Kingdom, which advocated an inter- national authority, and the' United States, which was wholly opposed to the placing of international airline operators under the jurisdiction of any international authority. When it became evident that there was no hope or reconciliation of these opposing policies, it was de- cided to refer these and kindred subjects to study by a provisional organisation to be established in Canada, it would comprise repre- sentatives of the United Kingdom, United States, Brazil, Peru, France, Belgium, Mexico, Netherlands, Can- ada india, Norway, Iraq, China, Australia, Egypt, Czechoslovakia, Turkey, Chile, and El Salvador, one seat being reserved for Russia. The council would have its own officers and technical staffs, and would be assisted by three main committees air transport, air navigation, and an international convention on civil aviation. «2?illu,re to reach agreement in the political and economic spheres means that the freedoms of the air do not raid any place in the convention," Mr Drakeford said. "Two agree- ments, separate and distinct from tne convention, were prepared and «m, f?en for my nation t0 sign at any time. They provide for recip- rocal agreements to confer on such rfn«o0ms as, the rlSht of innocent ÄVlBht of non-stop traffic, mLnght t0 pick UP and set down Passengers maus, and cargo from T¿L0r fc£? aircraft's country of .«Sr. Many countries will be S ?"om grating such important gS With0Ut adea-uate safe" noS6 fAustralia-New Zealand pro MM « r "international ownership and operation of all international thp Sces was not acceptable to we conference although it found Ä ¿"Porters in unexpected furfhp/f y\form the subject of ÏÏ£?ii£Udy ,by ,the Provisional or ¡Äion' £nd also bv fche Perman ft ÄSÄ. organisation. when t3lidpSi"akeford confirmed his cable nat&SU.pporfc t0 the Principle of 