 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 61 6-DOURS Pirie AsreraQim T©Sls Of Long Flight Sonm idea ol' how the element of distance has disappeared from travel is supplied in a letter written by Warrant-Officer J. L. Wordeu, of lioyal Australian Air Force, to liis I arents, Mr. and Mrs. J. II. Worden, of Moppett road, Pirie West. In it lie describes a flight between Sydney ;.iul London, done in 61 hours llyins time and with a week between depar ture and arrival. . The various stages were as fol low:-Sydney to Perth, iO hrs. 3-0 mins., Cocos island, 9.40; Colombo, 7:50; Karachi, 7.40; Slvaibah (Iraq), (>.'50; Cairo; 5.20; Malta, -6.40; Eng land, 6.30-total, til hours. Some interesting' extracts from- the letter are as follow: "At Colombo the natives wanted to sell us stockings at about £1 a pair. We soon became used to 'telling them off.' I .think that Shaibah must have been -about the la'st place 'in the world, and I felt sorry for our boys who have been kept there so long: working day end night, as the heat is terrible. Air craft cannot lake off after 10 in the morning, as the motors become too hot. Where Honors Were Won "On the hop to Cairo we passed low over El Alamein, Tobruk, and other places where our men won their honors, and it surely is terrible coun try. We arrived in Malta witli just enough daylight left to, see the immense damage done on the 'island. It was, us you know, the worst-bombed place on earth, and the greatest credit must go to the boys who kept the important island going and in our hands. "We left Sydney at 10.30 on Wed nesday morning and arrived at an uir lield 9*5 miles from London at 6.15 on the Thursday-eight days later." Describing his experiences in London W/O. Worden said that lie irad just been down world-famous Petticoat Lane, which was opened only on Sun days, and it seemed that all London visited it. It was interesting hearing the salesmen trying to dispose of their lines, which were extraordinarily dear, particularly to Allied servicemen. "Goodness knows where thoy set their tilings to sell," lie wrote, "as the Londoners-all seem to he crying that they can never obtain stockings and the like. Yet 1 saw hundreds ol" pairs on sale. What would cost about 5/11 «t, home they sell here for 17/6 a pair. "Thanksgiving- Week here was mag nificent. In Trafalgar Square they had displays of VI and V2 bombs, with music by high-class brass bands and dance bands. 'The country in England is really' beautiful now, with green everywlioro " 