 Sydney To London In 36 Hours * ? i WHEN de Havlland Cornel Jct-propellcd airliners are placed ' an the Australia-England route, the trip from Sydney to London will take about 3G hours— 21 hours flying time, according to the chairman of British Overseas Airway Cor poration (Sir Harold Hartley), who arrived in Sydney on Monday, With a speed of 500 m.p.h,, the Comet would fly at nn altitude of more than 30,000. feet to get speed with economy and would have lo descend straight lo the airport, because 'loitering' over airfields at low altitudes would mean waste of fuel, making use of the jet propelled aircraft uneconomical! Sir Harold continued. It was expected that tho Comet would bo In uso within five or six years. Development of approach aids and ground facilities would have to proceed side by side with development of the new aircraft, ho said, - Object of Sir Harold Hartley's visit to Australia Is to discuss now D.O.A.C. plans and to famlllarlso himself with conditions of the air routes. Heavy losses Incurred by tho Cor poration were due to tho fact that, up to the present, It had been operat ing with converted military types of aircraft, which wore not economical, With a full load, they barely paid operating costs. Modern aircraft being added to tho fleet now included 82 Canadalrs, 25 Herinea, five Con stellations and six Stratocrulscrs, Replacement of the converted types would reduce overhead and Increased scaling capacity could be sold, This would mean a 'sales drive' everywhere. A profit liy n.O.A.O. on its commercial ser vices was 'within reasonable dis tance,' he declared. He forocast n tendency towards reductions In fares, providing costs did not rise unduly, Air transport was about tho only form of transport In whlsh there had bcon recent faro reductions. Attention was being given to the gas turbine engine, which filled the InUsrmcdlary stage between the reci procating engine and Jet-propulsion. The gas turbine was less costly than the Jet to operate. Flying-boats were not being aban doned entirely und tholr use with turbo-propelled engines was being considered In Britain. After conferring with the chairman of Qantas (Mr. Hudson Fysh), attend ing a B.C.P.A, board meeting and meeting the Prime Minister (Mr. Ohlflcy) and members of Cablnot, Sir Harold will attend tho South Paclflo Air Transport meeting In Now Zoa land on November 20, He Is accom panied by Lady Hartley, tho general manager of E.O.A.C., eastern division (Mr. J, W. S. Branckcr) and Com mander B, W. Oalpln. 