 London-Sydney, 36 Hours LONDON to Sydney in 36 hours in an airliner worth something over one mil- lion dollars-that is the big news in British aviation just now. And-most important-Ameri- can airlines are going to buy this million-dollar plane. So, after five years of sweat and toil and nothing but costly failures to show for it, the civil aircraft industry will help Britain through her dollar crisis after all. Britain's de Havilland Company has produced the Comet-a 35-pas aenger, four-jet airliner that cruises »t 500 miles an hour. It is the world's first all-jet air- liner that-really works. And that accounts for the American interest. For 15 years American manufac- turers have led the world in passen- ger-plane building. Now-unless one of the big U.S. companies springs a surprise -on the aviation world-the American air K lines will have to turn to Britain for their first jet airliners. If General James Doolittle and other U.S. air experts are judges it.is most unlikely that Lockheed, Boeing or any other of the big com- panies will be able to compete with planes like the Comet for some time yet. In the past few weeks General Doolittle and the others have warned the American aircraft indus- try that Britain has a handsome lead in jet-planes. j \A/"HAT accounts for Britain's i ¥* lead? A lot of credit must go to the i "backroom boys" at de Havilland's, Rolls Royce, and in the British I Ministries of Supply and Aircraft ! Development. They knew that in theory there i was no limit to the power of a jet- I engine. It was conditioned only . by the strength of the materials it , was made of. They had to make ( 5 i i npHE de Havilland Comet, which will soon attempt to fly J- from England to Australia in 36 hours, is powered by 1 four de Havilland Ghost jet turbines, each of which has a 1 static thrust of 5,000 pounds. The machine is the world's first successful jet airliner and represents Britain's victory in the battle of civil aviation. metal alloys that would stand more heat and strain than industry had ever required before. At the outset the "hard" metals the "backroom boys" experimented with shattered or melted like hot tar when real heat and pressure were applied. Well-and this is the secret of Britain's jet lead-the "backroom boys" developed metal alloys that in, tiny propeller-form can spin faster than sound, and stand up to a pressure of something like 14 or 15 tons to the square inch at about 800 degrees centigrade. Other factors, of course, have helped-like the airframe men who have built the radically different and tough plane bodies in which the jets are housed, and the test pilots who have been brave enough to take the jet prototypes in the air, like Geoffrey de Havilland who plunged to his death in the Thames at something over the speed of sound. /^ROUP Captain John (Cat's " Eyes") Cunningham, D.S.O. and two bars. D.F.C. and Barfwbo is now de Havilland's chief test pilot, will fly the Comet from Lon- don to Sydney soon. Me plans to touch down at Cairo, New Delhi, Singapore and arrive in Sydney 36 hours out of London. The present time is about four days. This will be the last big test flight before the Comet goes into regular production. The plane has already chopped more than half the flying-time off the London-Tripoli flight and return -¡tscfirst big oversea test. The successful development of the Comet must be particularly pleas ing to the civil aviation industry in Britain. For five years the industry has been stumbling along, trying to catch up on the wasted war years in which, naturally enough, only war-type planes were made. Mil- lions of pounds have been spent in producing conventional-type planes. They were no sooner ready, however, than the Americans would have two or three better types already operating. Australia's Qantas Empire Air- ways had to cancel its orders for the British Tudor airliner (a £10 million failure) and buy American Constellations for its services to Britain. It was the same all over the world. * 'THE industry stagnated. Big factories were closed down. Some of the skilled men who made the Spitfires and Lancaster bombers during the war were directed to other industries. And the lack of planes partly contributed to the tremendous losses r suffered by Britain's State-owned airline cor- porations. Now, with more than 20 different types of jet civil and war planes coming off the production lines, the aircraft industry has turned the corner, and can reasonably look forward to a boom period in the 1950's. Footnote: When the general mana- ger of Qantas, Mr. Hudson Fysh, re- turned from a business trip to Britain late in 1945, he surprised Sydney by saying: "The air service from Austra- lia to England will be cut to 48 hours within five years and 24 hours inside 10 years." Betting men would say the first leg of his double is home. By JACK FLOWER The Comet in fttgnt. from mis angie me sweep-oacic oj me wing is not apparent. Lower left: The airliner at rest, showing how the jet engines are concealed within the depth of the relatively thin wing. 