 THE COMET JET AIRUNffi LmlofrSjdMT h 45 Boors Jet airttoera would probably be running from Bagtaod to Australia by USX, making the trip In 48 toon, sold «r Miles Thomas, CheJr mao of the British' Overseas Air ways OononUOB, m Dubbo oa Sat atr Mflet, who was a passenger on one of the/oversea* OoaateHatton alrltoers diverted to Dobbo oa Sat urday, warned however, taat Aus tralia would ban to ooostderabty apond Its radar and alrfort facul ties before jet liners oould operate Tola is Sir MOes* first trip to AnstnUa. The mate object of Ms visit to to diseass with other eirime beads the pesstbUitT of bulldtag: up m stnpiBftr nettrotk oT air eervtoes m Absiralla aad Hew Zealand, and mcreoslBg traffic oa tte 'B^ngaroo ROBte' aenrtce between Australia aadXngland. At ao time in world history had It bow mon Important to have a abeay transportation link between Britefe and the Southern Heml spbon, he said. . '9»m strife and mturrectloo rife -o Asia, a owiri aad efficient aerial pathway with Europe la vital to the dwnocractet of the south,' be went on. 'Aa enlarged network of air lmes in asd between Australia and Mew Zealand is ate imperative as a defence measure and to further mtognte yew primary and eeeoa dary mduttriet.' JET AIBUNEK The new Comet f our-engteed Jet airliner waa being considered by the B.OJfcjC. for pasaBBger transport, poeewh/ on the Btagland-Australla run, he added. Tee Comet would probably be brought on a proving flight to Aus tralia at the end of this year, and a full service could be inaugurated by US*, but only if Australia's system of radio aids aad available diversion points was Improved. -Jet aircraft an unable to circle over en airport for long periods, be cause of their high speed aad high fuel consumption,' Sir Miles pointed out. ??Until up-to-date radar and radio equipment is instilled at least at your big air terminals the operation of commercial Jet* in Australia will be retarded.' EKQLAXD AHEAD He had flown in the new Comet ] aircraft, and was Impressed by the j high degree of passenger comfort It , afforded. | The machine new very smoothly. ( without vibration, and the only noise J was a continual swish of air* flow- i ing over dean aerodynamic surfaces, j England was two years ahead of - the United Statef ^tn Jet aircraft J design and construction, possibly be- J cause the Americani had eoncentrat- , ed entirely on mass production of j rectprocating engines during the - war. he added. j In Sydney on Saturday night Sir i Miles said improved radio control \ and landing aids should be Installed - at Kwgsford Smith Airport imtned- j lately. j Sir MUM also stressed that Aua- , traUao Customs inspections at air- j ports must be «pe*dedHip. - -What's the good of Hying1 people \ at MO mQet an hour when they aave - to stand to Itoee for half an hour ? ! to get through Customs?' he said. , 