 LONDON-SYDNEY IN 45 HOURS BY JET AIRLINER Jet airliners would probably be running from England to Australia by 1952, making the top £ £ ri«Tn S'r.!VI,!e3 Tho™*- Chairman of the *ma-r' in ^ « c;.. ...l- — »vm- was a passenger on one of the overseas Constellation airliners diverted to Dubbo on Saturday, warned however, that Australia wou'd have to considerably expand its radar and airport facilities before jet liners could onerate her-» This is Sir Miles' first trip to Australia. The main object of. his visit is to discuss with other airline heads the possibility of building up a stronger network of air services in Australia and New Zealand, and increasing traffic on the 'Kangaroo Route' service between Australia and England At no time in world history had it been more important to have a strong transportation link between Britain and the Southern Hemisphere, he said. 'With strife and insurrec tion rife in Asia, a swift and efficient aerial pathway with Europe is vital to the democra cies of the south,' he went on. 'An enlarged network of air lines in and between Australia and New Zealand is also impera tive as a defencc measure and to futher integrate your primary and secondary industries.' JET AIRLINER The new Comet four-engined jet airliner was being consider ed by B.O.A.C. for passenger transport, possibly on the Eng land-Australia run, he added. The Comet would probably 'od brought on a proving flight to Australia at the end of this year, and a full service could be inaugurated by 1952, but only if Australia's system of radio aids and available diversion points was improved. 'Jet aircraft are unable to circle over an airport for long periods, because of their high speed and high fuel cpnsump tion,' Sir Miles pointed out. 'Until up-to-date radar and radio equipment is installed at least at your big air terminals, the operation of. commercial Jets in Australia will be retard ed.' ENGLAND AHEAD lie had flown in the new Comet aircraft, and was im pressed by the high degree of passenger comfort it afforded* The machine flew very smoothly without vibration, and the only noise was a continual swish of air flowing over clean aerody namic services. England was two years ahead of the United States in jet air craft design and construction, possibly because the Americans had concentrated entirely on mass production of reciprocat ing engines during the war, he added. In Sydney on Saturday night Sir Miles said improved are radio control and landing aids should be installed at Kingsford Smith Airport immediately. Sir Miles also stressed that Australian Customs inspec tions at airports must ba speedod-up. 'What's the good of flying people at 200 miles an hour when they have to stand i:i lines for half a hour to get through Customs?' he said. 