 ltlilikiHIHilil!IM*M-lil;Iil!IAIIill!Hil,lll FIRST HOME with Coronation pictures, Qantas Constellation 'Harry Hawker' stands at Mascot yesterday after it set a new London-Sydney commercial flying record. Royal Coat of Arms is emblazoned on the giant plane's nose above 'Australian Coronation Service' scroll. FIRST HOME with Coronation pictures, Qantas Constellation 'Harry Hawker' stands at Mascot yesterday after it set a new London-Sydney commercial flying record. Royal Coat of Arms is emblazoned on the giant plane's nose above 'Australian Coronation Service' scroll. MAJP shows the route of the Constellation on its record-breaking flight from London. MAJP shows the route of the Constellation on its record-breaking flight from London. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 53 HOURS 28 MINUTES SYDNEY (by teleprinter) — The Qantas Empire Airways Con stellation which brought the first Coronation pictures to Australia and to The Courier-Mail broke the commercial air liner record for the London-Sydney flight. Leaving . London on I uesday evening, the Constellation took 53 hours 28 minutes for the 12,000-mile journgy, reaching Syd-; np« nt 1 1 S6 vesterdav. - Only nine hours were spent on the ground, and the usual overnight stops at Beirut and Singapore were cut out. Aided by tail winds the Constellation aver aged more than 340 miles an hour on the flight from Singapore to Sydney. Actual flying time for the whole flight was 44 hours 28 minutes. Other records The aircraft was the 'Harry Hawker' VH EAC, which holds many speed records. From Singapore she was flown by Captain K. G. Jackson, chief pilot of Qantas, who was the first man to fly the machine when it was completed in Cali fornia. Captain Jackson holds records between Sydney and Christ church, Perth and Ade laide, and Adelaide and Sydney in the 'Harry Hawker.' He also held the pre vious record for the London-Sydney flight of 56 hours 20 minutes, set in 1949 in the 'Harry Hawker.' Captain Jackson flew the first official Syd ney-Johannesburg ser vice last September. From London to Singapore on its re cord brenking flight the 'Harry Hawker' was piloted by Captain H. A. E. Yates. When the. record breaking Constellation reached Sydney yester day The Courier-Mail j pictorial editor Tom '. Martin, who had flown '? specially to Sydney, took '? delivery of part of her '. cargo — 120 original ? pictures of the Corona- ? tion ceremonies, Z He flew hark to Bris- I bane by T/l.-l airliner ? soon afterwards. Special ? space was made avail- Z able on hoard for him : to work while in flight, ? laying-out the special \ Coronation pictorial sup- : plement published in : this morning's Courier- : Mail. : NEWSREELS ! BEAT TV j LONDON, June 5 ? (Special) — Although : Australians missed much by having no : television last Tuesday, : it is now apparent they ? are going to get some- : thing even better — but ? much briefer — in the : newsreels. : Although TV took i viewers into the heart : of Westminster Abbey '? viewers were ,not so ? so close to the Queen as : newsreel audiences. : Nor did TV, despite : its coverage, depict all : the human incidents ? that the newsreel ; cameras have caught. : The Queen looks : even more radiant and : poised on the film than ? on TV, and the news- : li reels catch fleeting ! n smiles, which strangely. ? = TV missed. : I FIRST VIEW | LAST NIGHT = Fourteen hundred i 5 people at the Metro : = Theatre last night had ? — Queensland's first : z glimpse of London's ' s Coronation procession. ; z Three hundred feet ! z of Coronation film — ? z running for about three ; z minutes— was rushed ; — by air from London i z while the latter part of : z the ceremonies was ; z: still in progress. : z The newsreel of the ; — . procession. was screened : = at 10.45 pm at the end [ 5 of the Metro's feature ; z picture— a film on the : =? early life of Queen | 5 Elizabeth. ? : [More to-day; 1 The newsreel showed : 2 all- the colour and pomp ? s of the Queen's coach : = drive from Buckingham : - Palace to Westminster ? E Abbey. : = Further short news- | ; reels on the procession : : will be screened to-day : = or this evening at the : E St. James and Regent, : : and the Carlton Theat- ? = rette. : : Twenty-minute films : E on the Coronation will ; E be screened at the : = Metro and many sub- J z urban and country : = theatres on Monday. : = I Mini imiiiiiiii mi minium r 