 [?] THE FAMILY'S GUBTS WERE THREE RUTHLBS KILLERS THE DESPERATE | HOURS by Joseph Hayes LONDON: Andre Deutsch. SYDNEY: Dy mocks, 13/3. ® It takes' a highly skilled author to make terror read terrifying in print — - but to make it the theme, atmosphere and motive of an entire hook requires something close to genius. There is only one effective way for a writer to score in that field: he has to stick the terror in his readers' normal sur roundings, make it creep into his ordinary routine, plant it in his backyard with patches of dull, secure subur- banism showing all around — and let the contrast do the rest. This is precisely what American author Joseph Hayes has done in his first novel, and done to such effect that you can feel the hair on your neck bristling as he takes a slice of nor mality and makes a night mare of it. His horror strikes as it would in real life: incred ibly, by daylight, while the neighbor goes on spraying his rose bushes and people across the road queue up for their bus. Indianapolis-born Joseph Hayes chose his home town as a setting, and a typical middle- class family as the victims. And his victims are so ordinary, so mundane, so completely wrapped in their little existences and puny prejudices that they could be the Joneses next door or, perhaps— you. Terror comes to the Hil- liard family in the shape of three escaped convicts from the nearby Federal Prison at Terre Haute. They are led by Glenn Griffin, a posing, con stantly acting young mega lomaniac who has to prove to the world and himself that he is a dangerous killer instead of an illiter ate little hoodlum choking with hysterical hate. With Glenn are his kid- brother Hank, a pitifully witless epileptic, and a hulking brute of a mur- derer named Robish. The terror is Glenn's idea — his particular brand of smartness. For, instead of making the bolt the prison authori ties expect, the three fugi tives stay right under their noses, in Indianapolis, sheltered by a browbeaten suburban family, waiting in comfort until funds ar rive. It takes the Hilliaxds several hours before they realise What has struck them. When finally they do, the four members of the family react according to their individual tempera- ments. Dan, the father, used to a lifetime of business ar rangements, wants to make a deal: You hurt none of us and we'll play along. Just as simple as that. Eleanor, his wife, all motherly anxiety and fear, is willing to follow orders, " whatever they are, as long as her brood remains safe. But Cindy, the red-head ed, ultra-smart daughter of the house, is made of sterner stuff. Cindy gets mad, furious at the humiliation she has to suffer from three thugs who have neither cars, money, nor social positions, and it takes all her par ents' control to stop her from "going it alone." Finally there is Ralphie. Precocious, spoilt in the American tradition, and filled to the brim with heroic rot from the comic strips, the boy soon despises his father's inac tion and simply can't be 'made to realise that he will" only live as long as "Pop" does what he is told. But if the captives go to pieces, so, strangely, do the captors. For Glenn Griffin's superb plan slowly crumbles in the face of bad luck, bad discipline, ; and the mental weak nesses of the planners. GLENN'S miserable brother Hank develops a crazy nostalgia for the peace and security he has disturbed and can never share. He runs out, flees on his own, and is promptly mown down by police guns. With only Glenn and Robish left, the atmosphere in the house grows stark beyond endurance. But, at precisely the moment when massacre seems inevitable, fate intervenes in the shape of an outsider with whom neither the Hilliards nor the convicts have bargain ed. For Cindy's rather irre sponsible boy friend, Chuck, gets an urge to play detective; And when he enters the house he brings with him the one extra gun needed to turn the tide. But the moment of supreme, triumphant re venge, the moment Dan has imagined in heat-curdled fantasies, never comes. For the creature Dan sees before the muzzle of his revolver is no longer the unbearably cocksure, swaggering young bully he loathes. It is a quivering, drib bling, utterly beaten hu man being, too crushed to do more than beg for mercy with his eyes. Dan does not pull the trigger as he has so often Imagined. He merely turns away, feeling dirty. "Get out," he says softly. "Get out of my house." And Glenn stumbles down the stairs, tottering towards the certain doom that waits outside. With one final angry ges ture Dan hurls the revolver on the floor. He has almost murdered a man. He has almost, but not quite, become one of "them." But, for Dan and his family, the desperate hours are over. — John Godwin 