 Sydney - London Cut By 21½Hours &nbsp; In New Air Service The travelling time between Sydney and London will be cut by 21½ hours when Qantas Empire Airways intro- duces a new express " connoisseur " air service on March 2. The overall trip will take only 54 hours, with the actual flying time now 46 hours. The Minister for Civil Aviation, Mr. Townley, an nounced last night that the new express service would enable Australian business men to leave Sydney after the close of business on Fri day and be in London on the following Sunday, ready for the opening of business on Monday. 1 The return flight to Aus tralia would take only ~>2 hours-two and a half hours shorter than the Sydney London journey. Mr. Townley said the Government had given ap proval for this additional service by Qantas, subject to formal acceptance by the British Government. The new service was a recognition of the steady in crease in traffic between Australia and Britain and the increasing need for swift long distance travel on. the British Commonwealth's key route. It meant that Australia, Britain and intervening points of call would be linked by seven services a week each, provided by thj Qantas-B.O.A.C. partnership which has been operating for the last 21 years. The route for the new services will be from Syd ney through Darwin, Singa pore, Calcutta, Karachi, Cairo and Rome to London, . The 3,920-mile fi ght from Sydney to Singapore will b? three and a half hours . shorter. These times ap j proach the reduction in trans-world . travelling- time to be expected when jet air liners come into operation. The Super Constellation will leave Sydney at 6 p.m. each Friday and arrive in London at 2.30 p.m. each Sunday. On the return flight, the airliner will leave London at 6 p.m. each Tuesday and ar rive in Sydney at 8 a.m. each Friday. Qantas and B.O.A.C. to gether will provide Sydney London services on six days a week (two services, one the Qantas' express and the other the B.O.A.C. tourist service, will leave each Fri day evening) and a daily service from London to Syd ney. The new express service will be exclusively first class. All other Qantas services will provide accommodation for both first and tourist class passengers. 