 IVes&s In Brief London to Sydney in 24 Hours LONDON, Sunday (A.A.P.-Reuter). — Plans to fly izu migrants to Australia on a record-breaking flight from Lon don to Sydney, leaving London tomorrow, were announced in London today. . Qantas plans to make the fastest ever commercial flight between England and Australia — 24 hours, compared with the normal scheduled time of 28 hours, -40 minutes. First Message Over'The Hof Owe* WASHINGTON, Sunday (A.A.P.). — The Moscow Washington "hot line" came into operation and a message was sent from the Pentagon to the Kremlin, British United Press reported. It was a test message, "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. — 123456789 10." The "hot line" will allow President Kennedy and Mr. Krushchev to be in almost instant communication if necess ary. Anti-Franco Riot at Festival VENICE, Sunday, (A.A.P.). — Police clashed last night with demonstrators against General Franco of "Spain, at the i Venice Film Festival screening of the Spanish film, II Boia (The Executioner), United Press International reported. Police scuffled several times with about 50 youths who 3houted anti-Franco slogans, tried to block the entrance and passed out leaflets. Cuban Guns Fire at Night Filer HAVANA, Sunday (A.A.P.). — Anti-aircraft batteries opened fire before dawn on an unidentified aircraft which new over Havana's refinery complex, United Press Inter national reported. There was no-indication the plane dropped any bombs. The plane, apparently chased off by the firing, disappeared to the north. Pakistan Wants 'No-strings' AM KARACHI, Sunday (A.A.P.-Reuter). — Pakistan's Fin ance Minister, Mr. Shoaib, said today Pakistan would have to reconsider its policy towards aid if it was found that U.S. help was not wthout strings. He was commenting on the American State Depart ment's announcement yesterday that the U.S. had deferred signing a nearly £A2 million loan agreement with" Pakistan tor construction work on Dacca airport, following the signing on Friday of an air transport agreement between Pakistan and China. 