 London to Sydney Hn two hours' Models of hypersonic craft to be tested at the ANU are held yesterday by Professor John Stollerv and ANU senior technical officer, Mr Roland French. An aircraft that would cut London Sydney flights to two hours is foreseen by an Englishman who has come to Canberra to test what could be the genesis of hypersonic travel. He is Professor John Stollory. an international authority on aerodynamics, who nonchalantly explains that hypersonic means five times the speed of sound and that two hours is quite long enough for anyone wanting to net to the other side of the world. Professor Stollerv is spending a month at the Australian National Uni versity. He is working in the physics department, where a unique hypersonic shock tunnel reaches in 1/1.000 of a second the 16.000 Celsius decree tem perature reached in hyper sonic flight. With the help of the AN'U's Dr Ray Stalker, Professor Stollery is ex perimenting with differ ently shaped aluminium models, each about 4in long, to see how they with stand shock, impact and temperature in the tunnel. The shape he predicts will be most successful is similar to the Concorde but with its bat-like wings drooping. The effect of this, he says, is to contain the air pressure underneath the aircraft making, it more efficient. He believes the shape might also mean less heat transfer. This is one of the most critical aspects of Ihe re-entry of spacecraft to the earth's atmosphere, and hopes to interest the Americans in it as a means of bringing back hardware from space. "Now. sendins anything into space is like sending a Boeing to London and bringing back the cock pit", he said. "If we can master the problems of overheating, all parts of rockets and spacecraft can be brought back and used again". Professor Stollery said the Americans were hop ing to launch within the next decade space shuttles capable of returning to earth at least 100 times before there was any danger of disintegration because of overheating. But. the chances were few that the hypersonic airliner would be lifted off the drawing board and on to the tarmac before the end of the century. Professor Stollerv came to Australia from the staff of London's Imperial College. He will return in three weeks to become Professor of Aerody namics at the prestigious Cranfield Institute of Technology in Bedford. 