 OPENING OF TRTiEtlUAPIUC COMMUNICA- TION WITH ENGLAND, - SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUll TO FIVE DAYS. TUB Aiiglo-Aitatrnllnn Telegraph. Uno wa» oj,oneil on Tuesday Inst for tho transmission of messngo* br wnv of Adelaida mid Port Darwin. Hy tho courtesy of His Excellency Sh ff ironies Itoblnson, wo aro enablod to placo before tho public the following telegram, received on Saturday night fruin Slr James Fergusson, Governor of Smith Australia : FnoM JAMES KEtiowssnr.-, Onvr-.ni.-on, AOFLAIOB, TO Itu EXCUU-EKCY Sin H. ItouIMSOK, SYDNEY. This OovornmentVlll forwnrd from Adelaide to London, Mossnges rccolved on Tuosday next, up to olght |>.m. Tllnu o transmission to London, expeoted to be from eight to ten day f hut after a fortnight reduced to about four or llvo days. Faon HON. H. ATBKH, CHÍBF SnciutTAitv, AUEtAius, TO COLONIAL* SEOUETAHY, 8VJ>S*BV, >x Adelaide, S2ud Juno, 6.B3 p.m. This Government will bo prepnro'd to forward from Adelaida to Europe messages received on Tuesday next, lip to eight o'clock p.m. Government.messages will have precedence. Time of transmission to London expected to bo from night lo ten days thia trip ; but lu i.liout « fortnhlit's time lt will bu reduced to about n week, with ovrrv pruspcot of bl-wnekly nervina. Your tolegraph department will fco communicated with ou this subject hy oura. ? F«oa TUB nott. HcNivr PAIIKFH, COLONIAL 3ECBETABV, SVDNLY, TO CniEV SCUIIIITAIIV. A OULA Ibu. Sydllny. 84th Juno, 1S72. Thank you for your tolegram on thoopenliigofynur telegraphs lino to England, Accept my congratulations on the success of your great onterprlse. The Snath Australian Government gracefully offered tn this and other colonies connected by the electric wire, au opportunity of sending to the nonie (iovernment cnngratulntuiy meiuaees frets nf charge. This invitation wo« romilly accepted, and thew congratulatory messages have precedence of all other telecn-ins. Tho iiie.uiirt from this colony which will ho sent Hr»t to Kn cl md ina been forwarded to us by tho lion, tho roatmnjtor-Geneial, Inclosed in tho following lotter; TO TUB EElTOtl or TUB UrWALD. ; ' Sydney, 25lh .Tune, 1878, Sin,- Hy permission of tho Governor I hnvn mveh pteasuro In forwarding for tho Information of tho public a copy of lim tole gram which lils Excellency has this day sent to tba Secretary of . tate tor tho Colonies on tho Inaugrntlon of telegraphic commu- nication with England.-Your obedient servant, GBO. A. LLOYD. FnoiiTUE GoTBnNon of N. 8. AVALESTO TUE SEOIICTAUV OP x STATE ron TUB COLON)». Sydney, 25th June, 1872. On behalf of thia Government, I bog to congratulate your lord- ship on Ibo cstabllshmont this day, of direct telegraphic com- munication with England, and trust this auspicious event muy ho tho means nf binding still cluser tho ties which nullo this colony with tho mother country. Ten prlvato telegrams wero Sont from Sydney. Messages were also forwirded from Victoria and South Australia, so that tho drat horse uxpross across tho uorthoru gnp will carry « eunsld"r milo budget for transmission t y telegraph to England and tho Continent of Europa, Two of tho privólo mesanges fr.nn this minny aro ovor twenty wards, and tho other» do not exceed Hist number. Congratulatory message's to tho Qttoon, to Tresldont Grant, and to tho Empörer of Germany woro dispatched on Tuesday Inst, from Adelnldo, by Ole Adelaide, and Port Darwin Telegraph. Tho total number of bu.lne.u meninges sent from all tho colo- nies overland have been thlrty-ono-vntilti £!r2S. 