 TELTORAPfTIC NEWS. . rini uui:viLT.K & co., tbtiUOJiafhiu aokntm. SYDNEY. IIandwiuic Racks. 1'inai day. Grj'Mnr.nT.A'Ni) Stakus. — Ace 1, Ropnovo 2. CnA.MrAis.Nrj Stakkh. — RoscD'Amour I. St. Lkokh. — Co.mmodoro 1, M'Oiilluin Mohr i, J'atnarcli i-. DoNOASTUU Stakim.— Wnndoror 1. ' ' (From the Maryborough Chronicle.) ..'... . . '. .. Loxdon. Anril 7. Adiniriil Schbfield has roturned to Now York, his intcrfuronco at Hawaii being opposud by Commodores Alone and Jlowins. Luyalilo tho young' King . of tho Hawaiian group, is visiting America. Arrived : Zanzibar. . , Bombay, April 10. Mr. Lowo stated that tho National Debt had been reduced £081,000. Tho Budget is geno vnllv finMnii.nil ? Tho Crown Prince William, Prince Bismark, and Count Moltko i)rocced to Petersburg on tho 20th of April. April 13. Tlio City of Paris shows the strongest interest in the approaching elections, indicating the feel ing towards tho Government. France has paid Germany a furthor ton mil lions, sterling. An oivrthqnako has happened in San Salvador (Central America) in which 800 lives wcro lost. A new Captain-General has been appointed for Catalonia by the Spanish Government, who is taking active measures to l'cstoro discipline. The Carlists havo bosioged Puigcorda, tho in habitants of which made so heroic a defence that they woro compelled to withdraw, with a loss of 300 men. Brigham Young has resigned his socular oflices. Ho means to put a stop to the move ment for founding a new Mormon settlement iu Arizona. ' Sydney, April 12. Tho excitement at Fiji has been increased by Captain Chapman of H. M.S.: Dido arresting .Ireland and White, two sotHcrs, on the Ba coast, for' rebelling 'against the Govorhmont, and de taining them on board as prisoners. Captain Towns died yosterday. April 14. Randwiok Autojin Rack Mkktino— Tkial Stakks.— Arrow, 1 ; Benvolio, 2 ; Nydia, 3. Dagworth was third for the Cumberland Stakes. {From the Brisbane Papers.) Loxdon, April 9; H.-R. H. the Prince of Wales has boon form ally installed as Grand Master of the order of Masonic Knights Templars. [1,'lui; bmlunfc «f ilio'flWnnnllrn1 of f.hn ?TCrp.lip.qunr affords general satisfaction, and tlio Govorhmont have acquired fresh strength and popularity from the fact that thoy have been enabled to reduco the income tax ono penny, ? the sugar duty one penny, and pay off nearly seven mil lions of tho National Debt. Tlio 'surplus rovpnuo is estimated at four and throe quarter millions (£4,750,000). The Alabama claims are to be mot by tho British Government in May next. ..', ? .... .., LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Portion of our Police Court report is held ovor. Tho Brisbano wire was down bcfoyooii. Gympie and tho Caboolturo last night, which aooounts for our not having rocoived our usual telegrams. The following meetings, &c, are announced : — Temperance meeting this evening at the Pres byterian Church ; Gympio Turf Club, Friday ovoning ; No. 1 East, Inglewood Reef, Friday ovoning ; Nos. 2, 3, and 4 South, Now Zealand, Thursday evening. . ? ; , Tho Eastor Meeting . of the members of St. Potor's Church held last evening, was fairly at tended. A groat deal of business was trans acted, but on account of the latenoss of the hour at which the meeting closed we have to hold over our report. ?'' ??? There was a good house at the entortainment last night, and there was a strong force of juve niles. Tho Dissolving Views wont very well, and tho comic portions woro vory amusing. Roforring to tho house robbery which lately took place wo may mention that 'part of the stolon proporty— a bag containing two bank books, &c — has been found by two black gins on Caledonian Hill, and'givon to tho police. A meeting of crickotors took place at the Lady Mary Hotel last night, -vhen| it was resolved to rovivo tho, Ono-milo Club ; no less than, twenty six mombers woro proposed. A general meet ing is convened for next Saturday ovoning. Some throo months ago the Monkland Primi tivo Methodist Building Committee resolved, in order to meot the requirements of an increasing congregation, to make their church nearly as largo again. This has now boon done, and othor improvements have also boon made. The church was re-openod by a tea-moeting on Good Friday, the lltli inst., when a largo numbor of porsons ussomblod to partake of the good things pro vidod. Tho publio mooting hold after tea was prosidod over by Mr. R. Totten. Tho Rev. J. Williams, tho circuit minister, statod that by tho timo tho improvements thoy intend making on their ohuroh proporty aro completed tho outlay will bo something over £120; the inconio from Decomber, 1872, nmounts to £71. The mooting was subsequently addrossod by Messrs. Tuck, and Oostin and the Rev. Mr. Jamieson. Tho. cricketers will probably bo intorostod to learn. that the match between tho Second Eleven Exiles and tho I. O. G. T. will probably take plaoo on noxt Saturday woek. The commercial section of tho orioketors will perhaps find Saturday an awkward day, but no other suits tho mining olomont so well. Wo havo compared tho two proposed toams, and aro of opinion that unloss the Second Exiles practise hard they will bo soundly thrashed.— The ' Chronicle'. says :— ' A grand crickot match, Maryborough v. Gympio, is contemplated j thogamo to bo played atGympie on tho Queen's Birthday. Wo would suggest that it be a district rathor than a club match. Tho Gympie mon ? aro known to bo dangorous opponents, and wo should liko to seo our honor aud prostige plaoocl in tho hands of our ablest ? mon without any consideration of position or standing.' .. Tho Maryborough men havo novor yot beaten Gympio, but wo beliovo that our laurels novor woro iu groator danger than they' will be on Queen's Birthday. The Gympio branch of the nibornhTT^ ivillhoW its half-yearly ...ootuSr^' ivhon important business will bo tnuSaSr?/ will bo seen that a social re-union will hW, II on tho occasion. '??'^s place, At tho licensing mooting held yCiitor(k ? adjournodapplicationof Jamus Holtcr, for 7o ° try Publican's license for thodrriow' ArmsHiw' Maryborough Road, was granto.l. lC3 ?! their publicans' licenses wore granted I « following porsons :— John Luddv ViiT i . M'lutyro (Black Bunko), L. W|H. l^'h TayW, B. Woodward, J Co ry p \ S /, }\ II . Con-igan, George Throwe^^boS'* Neill, J. Lynch, W. l?iy,H1, k. cS1 21 Barry, M. M'Corn'.ack, J. tyai, T t'! .P' The application of ' G .11.^^^ adjourned fora fortnight, Ihopulico repurtiiwtw the Hotol was not properly fnniwhod TliS i aiding Justices were ?Messrs. 'Bligh, Olarli ? S ' A general »-coting of the shareholders of tlm Gympie Masonic Hall Company touk nlin. Thursday tho 10th inst. ; tl,4 W t?e,°' shareholders present. Mr. Buiril in the ChX° Tlio balance! shoot produced showed nbnl™ to credit of f94 and tl.e outgoing DirectoiT commended tho shareholders to insure thu buiM ?ing for £400, borrow £,1bo on niort^o S expend that sum, together with thu amount T hand, 'in building a two-storey brick buildim. j front, which, being attached to tho presont bull I ing (tho roof of which would, be raised 'would onlargo the body of tlio Hall ti nearly doublo its present capacity, and render if available for all kinds of 'oiifertainiiiehi likelv to be given in Gympio. Tho stage and roar wouhl bo so altered and constructed to iiiiike:itsnitali|0 awi. niw .w.i./.v 2'-kLi'^°i'a i «n**i uiu upper storcv would be fitted up and resorral for tho Masonic Order, who aie tenants to the company. Tha meeting unanimously adopted tho recommend, ation, and a Sub-Committee were appointed to have a plan and design prepared to lay b|.(oril another meeting of tho slmruholdoi's on the 8th May, after which the building will be speedily proceeded with. Yotes of thanks being accorded to the out-going Directors and officers, the follow ing appointments were uimlo. Directors: Messrs. William Ferguson, Horace Tozcr' Benjamin Tyrrell, James liaird, George Throwet. Treasurer : Mr. Matthew Mullor. Auditors': Messrs. Gaynor and Compigne. Secretary' Mr. Robert Critchloy. . J- A Melbourne telegram in the ' Herald' gays : Kabat is still unbailed. It is stated that ho is involved to tho extont of from thirty-'firo to fifty-throe thousand pounds. ??, At tho Police Court yesterday; during tlio forenoon, three cases, in which tho compkinnnts and defendants were residents of the Black Snake, wero investigated. The first was a com plaint preferred by Elizaboth M'lntyro against Andrew M'Jntosh, for using abusive langimgo on the 25th ult. The language was proved to bo not only abusive but also very obscuuo. Tho . second case' Wiis an application by James Thomp son that the same defendant should bo bound over to keep the peace towards him. Defendant was ordered to iind two sureties in £10 each, and himself in £20, to keep the peace for threo months. The third w.us a complaint preferred by Andrew M'Intosh against James Thompson for assaulting, him on the 25th ult. After hear ing evidence their Worships delivered judgment in this, and tho first c:iso. They found M'Intosh guilty of using abusivo language, and fined him in the sum of 20a. , with 42a. professional costs, and 12s. costs of , Court. As regards the assault case, thoy did notjeonsider it proved. Mr. Tozcr, who appeared , for Thompson and Mrs. M'lntyre, said ho did not apply for professional co3ta ill the last-named. ciise, but asked that the expenses of two witnesses, 70s., should be. allowed. This application was granted. Speaking of the passengers by tho Light Brii gn.de the 'Bulletin' says : — Thu liiriiig of the immigrants went on briskly yosterday, tho single girls all being engaged by eleven o'clock, gmiiu nf fliniti fnr l.lin lKivMifirn (liKt.rii'fa. nt verv high wages. The only obstacle to the rapid absorption of the single men* and married conges arises from their exaggerated notions of the rato of wages to which they are entitled. Sogreatan evil does this threaton to bo, that tho SubImmi gration Agont, Dr. Sahnond, has determined to deny quarters, to single men refusing £40 a year and. upwards, and to married couples refusing £50 and xipwards. A telegram from Port Darwin states that tho Govornmoht Resident and party met atTrepang Bay four ? Malay- prows, from Macassar Straits, with 100 Malays. They wero friendly, and had no knowledgo of Port Darwin, the Dutch authorities having concealed, tho fact. Tney' promised to call at Port Darwin noxt season. A correspondent of tho. Chronicle says, dis coursing on the subject of obtaining mining in formation : — With regard to those mines at Mount Perry in which ?? Sydney mon possess interest, it is worth ? suggesting that, instead of information of the1 most meagro kind boing occasionally placed boforo the public, it would bo well for those concerned if all tho managers reports wero published as received by the respective boards, or a true summary of samo. This courso of action would remove nianyan evil imputation and impression which now exists to the injury of the properties. Further, tho appointment of a reliable Visiting Director for those mines managed by a Sydney Director^ wanted, and would tond to act as a check upon flowery reports, ns well ? as those of ft worso nature, and tond to give confidence to investors. That there aro duffing mines, with a very largo amount of tho grossest swindling being perpe trated, also that tho statements of certain mon who have . boon prominontly to tho front cannot } bo dopendod upon in tho slightest degree, thejx boing deception personified, no ono can question. Still, notwithstanding thoso damaging features thero are valuablo properties if worked honestly. Spoody .and full publicity to good, indifferent, and bad reports of respective managers, whoso reputation would then bo publicly at stako, would soon placo matters straight, and tend to the re gaining of public confidence, enabling sharehold ers to form their own independent opinions, without having to appoal, as for an act of kind noss, to personal friends and follow shareholders on tho Board, or to their paid servants, for in formation which by right belongs to thorn as pavt ownors. -?. ? ; 