 ^SLEQ^jp^ans Daft JSpF British channel, p^ -.. MEW ZEALAND. ;. .« ;-. V ~ 1OSS OF 255 LIVES. EOBMATION OF THE TEXAS MEAT* PRESERVING COMPANY. THE CENTRAL ASIATIC QUESTION. THE FRENCH BONAPARTISTS. SERIOUS ILLNESS OF ML PUSEY. CABLE MKSSAUhS. (feom otjb own cobbebpondbnt.) 'Lodged in London, Thursday, January 23, at 11,33 a.m.l .Received in Sydney, Friday, January 2A, at 12.11 p.m.] The outward bound Australian steamer, when off Dover, ran into and sunk the emi grant ship Northfleet, bound for Tasmania. The loss of life by this dreadful catastrophe is very great. So far as is known at present, it is believed that about three hundred of the crew and pas sengers have perisbed. [Lodged in London, Thursday, January 23, at 6.25 p.m.] [Beeeired in Sydney, Friday, Janizary 24, at 11.55 p.m/ It is now ascertained that the number of those who perished in the collision between the Australian steamer and the emigrant ship Nortlifleet, in which the latter was sunk, is two hundred and fifty-five. Amongst those who were lost are the captain of the Northfleet, and a considerable number of navvies who were being taken out to Hobart Town for the construction of the Tasmanian main line of railway. '? A Texas Preserved-meat Company has been started in London ' Pig iron still advancing; now quoted at 132s to 133s per ton. Copper is at £95 per ton, with an npwavd tendency. [Lodged in London, Thursday, January 23, at 6.45 p.m. [Received in Sydney, Friday, January 24, at 11.12 p.m. The declaration on the part of the British Government, that in case of Russia not offer ing satisfactory explanations as to the secret treaty between Persia and Russia and the Khiva expedition, England would no longer remain inactive with regard to Central Asiatic question, is not considered likely to lead to any serious complications between the two Powers at present. In France the Bonapartists are daily becom ing more confident, and insist that a reaction in their favour is rapidly taking place. The Rev. Dr.Pusey, one of the chief origina tors of the Ritualistic party in the Church of England, is dangerously ill. . . 