 TELEGRAMS THIS DAY. CABLE MESSAGE. [Reatek's Special Telkgham.] LONDON, via PEJfANG, 30th November. Deceived in Svdnev Deeemljw lath. 10 n.m. The Pera ?with'the*'Australiau mails arrived at Galle on the 27th November. It is rumoured that Parliament will assemble on the 14th December. Extraordinary rainstorms have occurred in Eng land, flooding vast tracts of country, and causing great damage. Wrecks have occurred on the coast The floods are partially subsiding. The ironclad Iron Duke narrowly escaped foundering in tbe channel, through a sluice valve which had been accidentally left open, flooding the engiue-roomB. The Admiralty state, however, that tbe account of the accident is exaceerated. The English Government has'e bought in, in con. sequence of,the impeeunosity of the Khedive, nil his Suez Canal shares, for four million sterling, cash down. The Khedive held 177,000 out of the total of 400,000 shares in the Canal Company. The Press unanimously appoves of the purchase, which caused much agitation in political and financial circles. Sir John Ilolker is appointed Attorney, and Mr, Gifferd Soiicitor-Generat. Thirty thousand Dundee mill-workers have struck against a notice for the reduction of wages Alarniingrumourahave been set afloat with regard to the Eastern question. They have turned out to be unfounded, but an uneasy feeling continue9 with regard to tha attitude of Bussia. It is be lieved, however, that the alliance between the three Northern Powers will prevent any isolated action of It gsia. . A tranquilisiug article appears in the St. Peters, burgh official Gazettk which refuses to entertain the apprehensions of the foreign press, and sayB that iiie good understanding established between the great powers renders a disturbance of the poace of Europe impossible. Meantime the tone or the rmssian press is pneinc, while the English press is generally indifferent to the fate of Turkey, but insists upon the necessity of pre serving communication with Egypt, and main taining the neutrality of Persia and Affghanistan. The Herzegoviaians have defeated the Turks near Gotzchho. Eight hundred Turks were kilted and 000 wounded. The Times recommends, arid the VdvNna Press opposes Austrian occupa tion of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Austrian forces on the Turkish frontier hare been reinforced. The Montenegrins have despatched envoys to the Northern powers to explain the difficulty of preserving neutrality. The 'reply of tho Spanish Government to the American note of the 2nd November, concedes the legal privildges of American citizens in Cubia,aud it is probable the Hispano— American difficulty will be amicably settled. It is proposed to prosecute Count Arnim for treason. Tbe Imperial Govenment intend to send out a special commission to Cairo to examine the Egyptain finances, and to advise with the Khedive as to the future. The French press, though regretting the check given to the influence of France in Egypt, expresses its admiration of the decision with ?which the British Government has acted and considers it unlikely to lead to poli tical complications. The Austrian and German Press approves of the course adopted by England. ,rr^pbi^ary^!^fe»#^aan«s tf&eEx Dukel of Modena,*fardin»l Eanchcr, the Archbishop of 1 Vienna, Henry Wilson of Maseachusete, Vice 1 President of the United States, whose .successor is 1 Mr.rTerry. 1 HiflSoyal Highness the Prince of Wales has! left Bombay after visiting Baroda, not Ceylon. j 