 TliEJlAMÏ^jnWS BRITISH and foreign. [Associated Pkess/J , TBICKETT'S BEFEAT. Loxpos-, Nov. 15. Hanlan (the &lt; . Canadian - oaramañ) . - beat Trickett (the Sydney sculler) in the race for the Thames championship',' to-day, hy three lengths. ESTABLISHMENT OF A TECHNICAL COLLEGE. - . . . Lennox, Nov. IS. \ The city Guilds are making arrangement» for the establishment of a great Technical College, at Kensington. This, it is hoped, will render innocuous tho report of the Boyal Commission on the working of the city Guilds, which condemned the manner in which the Guilds are carrying out their duties. THE ALBANIANS 1ND DFLCIGNQ. LoKBON, Nov. 15. The Albanians have definitively expressed their determination not to surrender Dul cigno to the Montenegrins. ?> POSITION OF AFFAIBS IN BASUTO LAND. Cape Towjt, Nov. 14. The position of affairs in Basutoland is daily growing more serious. The hostile tribes continue to rise inconsiderable num- bers, the colonial forces being evidently unable to cope with the enemy. Six thou- sand burghers have been called out, and preparations for active hostilities on a large scale are proceeding. EUSSIAN GRAIN MEBCHANTS AND THE SCABCITY OF WHEAT. Si. Petersburg, Nov. 14. The action of the Government in threat- ening the deportation of grain merchants who should take advantage of the present scarcity of wheat in Bussia, haa had the desired effect. Not only the merchants, but also the retailers and the bakers have lowered their prices, and the consequent reduction in the price of bread has afforded great relief to the poorer classes. FLOODS IN ITALY. Rome, Nov. 14. During the past few days heavy rains have fallen throughout Italy, resulting in many places in soriouB floods, which have caused much damage to property. ? ' A PABTY OF MONKS MOBBED TO DEATH. Pabis, Nov. 16. Two parties of monks (Jesuits) lately expelled from France, proceeded by sea, to Spain, with the intention of landing at Barcelona and Alicante («c) respectively, but no sooner had they arrived at their destination than they were set upon by the infuriated populace, and, within a very short space of time, were mobbed to death. THE CONDEMNED NIHILISTS. St. Petersburg, Nov. 15. The Government has resolved not to carry out the extreme penalty of the law in the case of the five Nihilists convicted of being active participators in the "Winter Palace and Moscow outrages. The sentence of death passed upon three of them has been commuted to penal servitude for life in Siberia. The other two are to be hanged. THE DTTLCIGNO DIFFICULTY. Constantinople, Not. 16. t Dervish Pasha, in pursuance of the. agree- ment arrived at by the chiefs of the Alban- ian League, despatched certain officials to Dulcigno, with instructions publicly to notify to the inhabitants the terms upon which the surrender of the town will be made. Whilst these officials were in the aet of reading the conditions, they were suddenly attacked and shot by the citizens, and, so far as is known at present, none of them escaped. It is expected th.vt Dervish Pasha will, after this, have recourse to the foi cible measures threatened by him some days ago. j ' 