 CALIFORNIAN MAIL. BEUTIB'S TELEGBAMS. SVDKEY, 1st July. The City of Sydney arrived to-day. GENERAL SUMMARY. . Lo'Kdox, 4th Juno. , ' Participators in the Marseilles demonstra tion in favor of tho pardon of ths Nihilists have been.sentenced to imprisonment. Ono thousand sis hutfdred cases of' small- pox have occurred in tho London hospitals, and the epidemic is increasing. Dcmpsey, a former, who took possession of some land after the former tenant had been evicted, was killed from behind a hedge in Galwaj. Prince Leopold intends to take an active part in the debates in the House &lt;?f Lords. Tho Daily JS'cus says Ireland' is getting daily nearer insurrection. ' Serious collisions have occurred between thb soldiers and the people, _ .Tho Conservative hatred of. Ireland is so great that many of thom openly express a-- wish for war so that the Irish may be bayoneted into submission. Shocks of earthquake have been folt near Mount Vesuvius, followed by violent eruptions, and streams of lava flowing down tho north east side of the mountain. Tbo Cape Colony loan of £2,000,000 has bcon subscribed for twice over. The Lord Chaucellor says tlio revised Tes tament cannot he read in tlio Church of Eng land until it has been recommended or autho rised by a sufficient public authority. General Grant has been successful in all his railway projects in England. A Conservative committee has been formed to further tho Beaconsfield inemorinl. , The emigration from the south of. Ireland has'docreased 25 per cent. 'Hodgson and Macmaster's works, Dublin, havo been burnt. The loss is £50,000. The Earl of Shrewsbury will marry Mrs. Mtindy, with whom he eloped. Thomson, tho Conservative candidate, was elected for Preston. Ho roceived tbo whole Irish vote. When Mr. Collins took his seat in the Houseof Commons, Sir Wilfrid Laivson wished to question him concerning his reb'gipus opinions, but hb was prevented by Conservative uproar. Sir-W. Lawson said tho Bradlaugh precedent - had: instituted a Parliamentary in quisition, and 'all' members should be treated alike. The Speaker said the' Collins case differed from"; Mr. Brndlaugh's. Mr. Gladstone -upheld-' the" Speaker's ruling. . ' . Roscly, an ironmaster at Lincoln, has failed for £100.000.' . Emmet, tho actor, failed in-ltis engagement in London through drink. He was locked up in the lunatic ward of tho workhouso. A bill has passed the Commons protecting newspapers from wanton libel suits. Shroedcr and Co., of Amsterdam, havo failed for £100,000. A Government grant is asked to moot the deficiency in tho revenue of Cyprus. Tho Government doclino entering on the question respecting tho sovereignty of the island. Mr. Childers will shortly become Chancellor of the Exchequer. The French Government has admitted of ficially thai a British schooner at Tunis- has been searched through a misunderstanding, but they promised it should not occur again. Cabinet rumors are afloat that, Mr. Glad stone will shortly retire to the House of Lords, with .tbe title of Earl of Oxford. He would prefer tho title of Earl of Liverpool, but for his predecessor who bore the same title. At a meeting of tire FuUr-Iu-hand Club, Mrs. Langtry was on tlio box of tho Prince of Wales's 'drag. At'tho Derby meeting on 1st June a large company was present including the, Princo and Princess of Wales. The following homes started : — Cnlloden, Cumberland; Don Falano (American), Fortissimo, Fortune's Favorite, Geologist, Iroquois, Limestone, Marshall, Peregrine, Leobel, St. Louis, Tristan, Tom Moor, and Voluptuary. The betting was 11 to 2 against Iroquois, If to 1 against Don Falano and Marshall. Culodcn and St Louis took the lead, Don Falano nmontr tho next lot, then Iriquois and Peregrine. Peregrine goingtothe front, aftercol- lidingwith Geologoist on eateringtho straight looked like winning in a canter, but Iroquois came on with -a rush and made a splendid finish. Iroquois, .won by a nose. Pere grine's appearance was much admired l.y Ilia fanciers. Iroquois was in the best of spirits find his'action w-as admirable. The time was 2 min. 50 eeo'. " ' His trjiiner was tremendously 'cheered, hut his victory did not seem popular.. All the cheering was for tho jockey. There was great excitement in New York over the victory of Iroquois, who was heavily backed there. 