 ARRIVAL OF THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL AT SYDNEY. [Reuter's Telegrams.] Sydney, March 14. The steamer Australia arrived from San Francisco to-day. SUMMARY OF NEWS. London, February 15. Louis Achard, merchant, of Mincing-lane, has failed for [?],000. It is reported that General Skobeloff in- &lt;*> tends joining to assist the Herzegovinians. tends joining to assist the Ilerzegovinians. The British Government faave advanced £uO,OOO towards a new |K>lar expedition to search for Lieutenant Smith. Captain Mdcolm commands. A detachment of Yccman rebels arc ad vanc ing on Mecca to proclaim tl_e spii-ici-d deposition of the Sultan, and the icstur^tion of the Arabian caliphat. A letter from Aspinwall reports that out of thirty liclgians who arrived to work on tin- Panama Canal eighteen liave died. Since tfae beginning of the work I,OJO have di. .1. A spedd reporter of Ihe ."VV ?? Jlvi //? r-i'il reports that M. de Lessep's scheme is finan cially unsatisfactory, as the capital otilv re presents one faalf of the cost of the work uirm the lowest estimate. It has l-ccn ascertained that the evploslon on board H.M.S. Triumph near Chili was exactly similar to that which destroyed the Doberel. The rifle match arranged between British volunteers and United States national guards w ill be fired at Wimbledon. The wreck of a balloon has been found in France with Mr. Powell's dead body in the car. Fleming, one of the City of Glasgow Bank directors who escaped his trial by flight, returned to England and was arrested. Diphtheria and scarlet fever are raging in Bdgravia and other fashionable parts of London. A clamorous crowd surrounded the Union Generate Bank of France on tfae failure be coming known, and one Frankfort banker committed sddde. The chief Legitimist nmresentatives of France lose heavily. Christine Nielaon lost everything by the failure. An important unpublished work byCariyle on Ireland has been discovered, which was nnknown to Froudc. Russia contemplates annexing Cores to strengthen faer position in tfae Pacific. Captain D. Lonv, of the Jeanette, is still missing, and a search for him is proceeding. There has been a flood in Tennessee which bas done millions worth of damage. Mr. Blame's policy has brought the United States to tfae verge of war with ChOi, which was only prevented by a complete change of attitude by tfae President. The latter is now charged with undue timidity and vadllation, and with having first approved ol Mr. Blaine^ note and then repudiated it. The British ship Mdton, cod laden, for San Francisco, faas been burned at sea. One boat faas been inched up and two ace still milling. The captain ana his wife were in one of tfaem. They were buffering terribly wfaen last seen, and the wife was near her confine ment. There lias been an explosion at the Mid lothian cod mine in Virginia. Thirty-two miners were buried at a depth of 400 feet. The calamity has caused 17 widows and 12$ orpfaans. Mr. Sykes, of Cheshire, has bought 45,090 acres of land in Dakota, and will settle it with English farmers. Witfa the exception of an excursion round the Bay no attentions were pdd to Sir Henry Parkes in San Francisco, but he was re peatedly interviewed by newspaper men. Mr. Mamord, agent for the Pacific Mail Com pany, accompanies him to tfae East. Many arrests have been made in San Fran cisco for breaches of the Sunday trading law. Miss Jenny Lee, and Messrs. J. P. Burnett and Vivian are passengers by the Australian. Agentieman named Haywern, who was an int-pnding passenger, was found dead in bed at tian^ranci?CO. Anti-polygamy meetings are being held throughout America. The Mormons are being threatened witfa lynching. Hdf the population of Port au Prince is down with yellow fever. The state of the country is financially desperate. A grain panic has taken place in Chicago owing to the failure of extensive commission firms. The Marquis of HuntJy, the fugitive nob'.e man, purposes to settle in the Western States. 