 Footligjit Flashes. OUR SYDNEY THEATRES. « London Day by Day.' f ? BUS' HOLT'S LATEST SUCCESS. «TUe Colonel ' at the Criterion. JOBS F. SHERIDAN AT THE GARKICK. iBUck Eyed Susan'— The Eml of ' My jock'—' Tho Corslcna Brothers'— . ilhauibrn Shows— The Vaudeville Company — Sunday Amuse nicnU-Otltl Notes From All farts of tilt Globe. Iir'.omont weather Coos not appear to damp (ieanlor of theatre-goers, lor tuoro baYO boon «™-1 nougat most of tho principal rosorta K tbe week. Wo havo plenty of ttoatros hSvdnoy. but wo havo- a population whioh iports thoni admirably. So long as pood hUts woll aoteil aro placed on tho stago, local Jj,.w havo very littlo to foar from tho .unit' Svdnoy auilicncoa aro discriminating;, ?ml it taRes nouiaintnir ronuy guou u- '»» them. Tliero wo vory fow towns auy%yhoro in X. colonies or further atiold whoro plays aro t.ttcr mounted than in Syduoy, aud tho com ,BiM»PP»riiiff nre, ns n rulo, abovo tho itoraee Wo havo ijoon dramas producod in tka fcW'« provincial towns with far loss attention irivon to scouio offuct than is tho ri« at our Sydnoy thoatros. Even inLondon Self dramas aro produood with hardly as ateh attention to detail. Of course thero aro lotoblo e\c:optioua, but wo writo now of the pumlrulo.^ # ^ . Bljml HoH'h latent production at the Koyal iiloniiDii JJari Ijij Dc-i, and it is ouo of thoao Vralar dramas which G. K. Sims aud Pottitt iii-hi iu writiii g. It is totally different from the (i'i)l''«iM [.udder, and ycfc enually. good in its w To jmigo from Bomo of tho scones pro ijntcil we M0 inclined to think missionaries twimito as nrjreutly nooded in London as in MidV*-'. -t 110t »lor0 s°- Tho authors of IotA ?-. 'l).iy 6r; Day have kept well to thior title, mdlia' Btrung togothor a varioty of striking iaciJt'nts ami exciting scones, which make np i»nc«l't«b!ei£ somewhat improbable story. ?'« nlut mu..t bo well known by this time, and Jlr Holt's company do full jnstice tothupiece. iho principal character is Harry Asealon, a £nroial a-ont and money-lender of Hebrew Btrsction. Bland Holt plays this part, and the contrast betweon tho jolly Confectionorof tha GMer. Ladder and Asealon ia great. Mr. Holt's make-up 13 porfeot, and no one could wuibly i-DCOgniso in this ' schont per rbenter ' the frooU-imtnrod maker of lollies ud pastry. Although Asealon is an uu cnlted rascal, Mr. Holt takes a humorous view of the character, and consequently ho is tfworito with tho audionco. The accent is wifect. and tve hare Boldom seen a'noso' tin'.' can give Bland Holt's a start. Mr. Albert Xorman has a powerful part ia Henri do Belleville, a villain a3 1 matter of course. Mr. Norman has fow Hiili in such characters, and the howls and Hsie3be received on Saturday night clearly iroTed ho had made a hit in tho part. Mr. Wiltcr Howo gave a good rendering of tho jut of Frank CSranvillo. A very well played tbiracter was Tom Galloway, a bansom cab cm of sporting tendencies, by Mr. H. E. liibcrts. Ha is very amusing, although it i«ma strange Torn Galloway shonld have a ijscial iiccn-u to loavo his cab at any moment tjmay please, and present himself indrawing nora and artists' studios. Mr. J. V. West, in Peter Marks, tho solicitor, is a decided addition to tho cast. A special *onl of praiso is duo to Little Brightio Sai* nt Jack, a street Arab. Sho outers thorar.j'ily into tho fun of the piece, and in tie riot in Leicester Squaro cuusod ronrs of blighter a.* sho belabored Asealon with her crKsic;,' sweeper's broom. Miss Kato Jijfcnp pirvyed with her usual refinement, tttaraSr.es*. and good tasto the diffloult ro!« cfTiolot Chester. Miss Blanche Lewis, as Hiuil Willoughby, had a charactor exactly I lifted to her, and Miss Viviouno had amplo inratn esorciae her talents as Dolly Blossom. Min Flora Anstead's Mrs. Blossom was por tal. Tho nuniorous minor parts wero well !SilcJ. Jlr. Goorgo Gordon's Bconerj' was ijl«diJ. Tho chango in tho first act from it ollico of Marks and Co., in tho ttj, to tho country scone, was cleverly -fo-e,and .'bows Jicnv stage managomont has l«n perfected of lato years. Violet Chester's itnlio is nl?o a rood set, but Leicester Squaro lynijht with tho view of tho Alhambra is a triumph of fconio art. Mr. Gordon was 'filled ' Dnthusiasticallv, and bowed his lAnowMgmpnU. All the artists met with a tejrtr reception, and lliss Kate Bishop was & recipient of floral tributes. Lvndon Van ijDi'i slimild have a successful run, and fill ii« Koval for nmuy niglits to rame. e . ? ?? ? F. ('. Burnantl's comedy, The Colonel, li- been produced at tho Criterion, and if«u-, lo havo cangbt on. The Colonel U t'j no means a new comedy. h*As pf;-'.luced in London many roars apo, ?lib Mr. Crnco as Colonel Woo'tweel W. TVoiyll.tho part now played by Mr.Tithoradge. I'M in such comedies as this that the Brougli 134 Boncicault company show to advantage. Tm Cofoi.«t is written in Bnrnand's bost itjle, nnd Iho dialogue is effective. Mr. litlurailjre as Tho Colonel is oicollent, and tsibnht if the oharaetor has ever been better Wed. Hi* coolnesn and quiet solf-confidonco irs irmiiinsr, and his quaint -Americanisms ireeiollont.. Mr. Tithoradeo a?ain scores a fiitimf sneers. Mr. Cecil Waril's Mr. For :a!w '«' -.veil acted. We wore glad to wolcomo Sr.Ko'wrt Drongli back once more, nnd in tho tsiUMtjr of Liunbert Stroyko h^ reappears »ith lulvanta^a. Mr. A. K. Lawrence is ?;iin with this company, and his Bnsil Gior tOM i« another of those admirablo per Icraances to which ho has treated at of lato. MeuM. Owen Harris, 0. L. Gordon, E. C. Calt.-so and B. F. Henry fill the remaining caractoM. Mrs-. Robert Brough's Mrs. Willoniiliby Iilyth i« a woll-acted part. Miss 1. Romer, Mi»s K. Tomple, Miss Brenda Gibren. and Mi«3 Howard 0.11 act woll, moro 'Pttia! ly Miss Gibson, who has made rapid ?fcauwtnent in her profession. The sconery '«oii paiiitcd, and tho Rtago management, as t«a! at tho Criterion, perfect. We can 'Wffli.-iend The Colonel as a picco woll worth '«:i!S, and it in acted as only Messrs. wonsh and Boucicault's talontc(l! company Mid play it. Noit Saturday Mwlern Wivet, ttbreo-act comedy by1 Krnest Warren, will be (ruiiced. 3[V J«rfe will strike tho colors at Hor Mijsjly's on Saturday night, aud it has had a lMii!»;nl run. The next prodnotion will bo jVCWron Uroth'T*, for which Mr. Rignold tunmlo (treat preparations. The Cortican f*'i is ono of tho heat plays.of Its class. ?Uboni-.ilt in thrilling situations, and affords taple scopo for Rtage offoct. Mr. Rignold is Wed for mounting his plays well, and wo mr he will introduco several nev^ features [s'-otlit. drama. Hor Majesty's company havo «ea rehearsing The Corncaii Jlrather/ for I5IM time paat, and the pky will thoreforebe (roductd in tlw Biost completo manner. Jolm F. Sheridan's season is. fast drawing » » elcwo at tho Garriek; and we shall noon Uie to 'KU» uio good-bye' and K° ',' '-to «dsot O'Brien. l-ant week wo said it was a f'»y Mr. Sheridan did not prodnco his bhr luiw on Illack-wtd Sw*a«'. whioh had suoli ''enormous aucaens nt' the Opera House, Jlelbonrno. This piece has been announced g'Mxt Salnrdny.'nnll itis sure to be; a hit. b'«ri(l(in as tho bold, badfpiratoehief . who af tor *«d, becomes an admiral, is one of the best bitB, bo haseverdone. Miss Graoio Whitford « tbo SD.«an, and 'sho has kouio charming ™-ce» and songs. Whon John F. Sheridan }?PMn in Scotch kilts wo ai-o opon to bet «te i, uot a dry eyo in tho house— with TOiing. Meanwhile Sirs. O'Brien continues '''?ujliand joko and crento general tnorri *«»'.. Tho piece has had a most mcossuful 5«»,aml it is satisfactory to know Mr. Sheri '« will not leave tho Garriek at prosont. Tlie Allinmnra Jlnsic Hall holds its own nn 'P^JKi'.Br.plnne of entertainment. Mr. Frank ™it!i !:no~.ij wh«n he I12.H a tco:l company f'''''1' i ? --'d manniccs to keep them well «»«!,.,. Tho ?,.-.,)rraimno for this wook is V tu 1:.. um.. :,unJj.i-J, and tio vaiioui ? Bpccialtips introduend aro unique in thoir way. It is a diflluult matter to bo oim*t»nt]y pro viding iiovoltiua iu tho muaiu hall lino, but nt tho Alhambra thoro is always Homothing fresh, Tho porformanco iH amusing without being vulgar, and thoro is nothing naid or done to shook the modesty oven of a Salvation Army lcador. ? Tho managpmont is good, and tho popular prices of admission aro u boon to tho public. No wonder tho Alhuubro is well patronised. ? ? ? Ban. Tracoy'» Vaudovillo Co. aro drawing woll at tho School of Arts, nnd this week wo mvo boon introduced to nevrral novelties. This company bdoui to have taken a longloaHO at tlio School of Arts, mid their matoa ban oxteuded into eorontooti weeks, with prospcota of getting well ou to tho score. , ..;? Tho Misses Albu gavo anolhor fuccossfnl concert nt tbo Town Hall on Saturday night, when thoro was n largo audiouce. Next Saturday thoy glvo another concert in tho samo hall,' when they will bo assistod by several wull-kiiowii artists. .. m .? # ???.'. Tho Majeronis benefit* will shortly tako placo at Hor Majesty's Theatre, which ban boon :iudly lent for thu occasion by Mr. George Kiguold. An influential comuuttoo-haa bcon appointed, and orory effort is being uiado to mako the benefit a great Buocesfl. Tho Majerouis aro woll-knowu throughout Aus tralia, 11ml their acting has at all times callod forth the highest eulogisnis from tho Pross and tho public. A oploudid programme has boon arranged, and all the. inoinbura of tho profussioii in the city Iiavo volun teered their Horviccs. So far as wo havo boon nblo to ascertain, tho prograinn'.o will bo us follows':— Bland Holt and Company in 1111 act of Traiuporttil for Life ; Goorgo llignold and ' Company, in tho second act of The Corsican llrothern ; Mossrs. Brough and Boucicault's Company, in ono not of tho pioco thon playing at tho 'Criterion. Mossrs. His cocks and Wilson will assist: Mr. J. IV Sheridan and Miss Grncio Whitoford will sine 'Tho Littlo Poach;' Bovis B103.. in their act; tho Kxcolsior Quartette, Miss Whitoford, Miss Osborno, Mr. Imano, and Mr. Carr; tho Tudoro, in thoir act; Miss Colboitmo Babor, Mi-9. Arnndorvocr Green, Signor Hiccardo, M. KoWalski, Signor 1'agnotti, and other artists. Signor Hazon ttnll assist in musical arrangements, togothor with Mr. Frank Engnrdo nnd the membors of various orchestras in tho city theatres. Tho benefit should be a success with such a host of talent appearing. The various theatrical managers nnd agents will alfo rendor every possiblo aid, and wo trust tho public will respond liborally. Bondi, Coogco, and Botany attract many visitors overy Sunday, and excellent couoerts take place at cnoh place. . ? ? . ? Tho Cyolorama.is open still, and the Battlo of Gettysburg ruges furiously. # t* * * A N.Z. papor hinted that our only Lohr was to pilot tho Hallos through New Zealand on thoir next tour. Lohr says .this ia news to him, aud ivns surprised to lcini that such a Ktatom'onf liad been made. Probably tho wish of tho writer was father to the thought, as Lohr is very popular in Maorilaud, as indeod ho is everywhere Manager, Goodman looked particularly smilingly good tempered at tho .Royal tho othor night. Perhaps Goody had a good ' catch ' the Snnday boforo, or has ho earned undying fame as an athlete by climb ing' to tho top of the Golden Ladder to sco London Day l-v Day. Tho Montague-Turner season at the Opora House, Brisbane, appears to havo boon a success. Carmen wa3 produced last week, and the Boomerang says :'—' The opera was well staged. Mr. Turner was an imposing brigadier, and Mr. 'Warwick Gainor did full justice, to the music of the bull-tigbter's part, giving the toreador's song with lino effeot. Miss Montague exceeded expectations in her rendering of the part of the gipsy girl.' Tho Marian Willis Dramatic Company, dnring tho last week, gavo several excellent performances at Launceston. i\ ut L'jnua and tho Lady of Lyons each constituted meritorious performances, the capabilities of Miss Marian Willis and Mr. Alfred Boothman being made especially apparent in tho latter. Tho company proceed to Hobart this week. ' * ' ? Tho Cinderella Pantomimo Company, in cluding amongst its members Messrs. James Wilkinson, G. Hesford, W. Perinan, Misses Sophie Harris, Bella Pcrman and many others, commence a. season at tho Academy of Musio, Launcoston, on Monday evening noxt. Dnnoau M'Calium ib in advance. Tho admirers of Mr. Hamish M'Cnnn, tho you Dg Scotch composer, will (says the London correspondent of tho Birmingham Post) bo glad to know that ho has now Bet himself a task which will exhibit hiB musical genius at its highest development. Within tho last few days ho has signed a contract with Mr. D'Oyly Carto to writo for him a grand- opera, which is to bo producod at tho uow English Opera Honso boforo tho end of the year. The subject of the opera will bo Scottish, and Erobably ono of the romantic incidents in her istory which mark tho last two conturics. ?' Tho antnran drama at Drury-lano will ogainbofroui tho pens of Messrs. Augustus Harris and Henry Pettitt. Tho Htory will bo one laid in England, and the Mino the present. ? * ? Mr. D'Oyly Carte has doclinod to receive any remuneration from Hor Majesty for the porformanco of The Gondolier* at Windsor. In Mr. Carte's eyes tho honor is sufficient re eompenso. Tho Queen, by tho way, has givon orders for tho nowly-erectcd theatre at Wind sor Castle to be left t?i itatu quo, which shows that Her Majesty meditates further 'com-. mand3.' ' Mr. D'Oyly Carte has purchased the English rights of tho recently successful opora La Uaroche. The Eka says it will bo scon ovou tually at tho English Opera House, but we imagine tho Referee is nearer the mark whon it announces that it will follow Mr. Solomon's new opera nt tho Savoy. Melbourno Theatres. — Priucos3', OU1. Guard; Opera House, Clara, Merivalo iu ful*o; Bijou, The Schoolmistress : Royiil, Truwportedfor life, with the Darrolla in iho leading parts ; Alexandra, The Wages ofSfn. An Antony nnd Cleopatra war is r.-igiiisr in tho Statos. . Fanny Davenport and Sarah Berahardt aro rivalling . cacli.othnr - in an Americanised or French version of the /London play of Cleopatra ; and Antony^ mimamed Pastor, has burlcsqno skotoho? of J it nt his varioty thoatrn. Both ladies biiro '/carded' tho critics and oaoh other— each v;«bomeiitly olaiming to(play Sardbu's prescribe?! biisinei-s, yot oaoh prosonting it differeutly. (The cords grow personal ; Sarah Raying thaU Clbopatra was a tendor woman nnd not an otyeso wanton ; Fanny retorting that Egypt's .Qnpen was not a lean, pinched woman. Mcanwbito, all this is advertisement on thoAmorican ^-lani and their rospectivo managers oliu'clclo and ory 'Hil hi I ' to the combatantn. j ? Mr. Anirij'stnB Harris' flm/inif' llmt ho nan run pantomime half thoyeaji- round at Drury Lane, is going' to too - wlietluir ho .caTinot perform tho Rame feat nt two theatros next year, and ho has already ent'afretl Miss Marie Loftus for his principnl ''girl'.' at Coreut -Garden. .''.' ' ..' ....'..?: '/. ; ,',.' . . ?, ? . ? i ,- .,.?.'.;.. ,'?? ? ' ! '?? ?„?. '? ... ; : Mr. H. A. Jones' play, 'rhe tfidtlUmnn, ha» suffered roughly at thw hands of tho B^rliu oritics.( ': '?' ' ; ' \' '. ? / '?''''.. '.'''?. ?.' ,-i ? ; ? ;','' ' '?? -. * ': * .' :',? ' 'Great as wai tho triu(mph seonrod- by The Idler on its first performance at the St. Jamon' Theatre,' its author ' (wli'o oennpied o^ne of the jbbxe's) contrived to ' kefp hiihoad.'* Among tbone who offered thoir congratulations woro a; well-ltnown and p^ipulnt] Duohess, , who doalarcd that she was ohnrmod with the play, and ? shonld toll nil hoi' f rln/ids to go nnd tea it. ' Then madam,' Aaid tho dramatist, ' 'it will 'run' for over t'-rn neat; imprompttt, which does credit to ^{r. Haddon Chambers savoir faire.— Globi. 1 '?-.-... a ' -» ? ?!.?»??????- If wo are to bulioyc the EBA,'and as it is nsunlly cnllod the ncttor's bible; why 'tis con formation strong ax li(')ly writ, both Mr. Honry Irving, and Mis» Elton Terry wcro so moved by tho inherent pMim of tho last scono in Vharht I t'other niffht, that liqnld poarln bodewed tho alabaBte{- chook of tho one, whito aa for tho othor ' th8;bi|f round tears conrsud ono anothor down .his innocent uo.io, iu pitoous cbu^o.' Tli'e .flassos uned by the omniciont 1'llA ditto ;nu»t bo of donblo barrollod magnifying p wor, for tho presont writer wan thorc ai:d WAtohed the caicf pretty nceno closely without discerning anything of tiireo 'toara, iillo Ijccrs.' Can thore bo il traitor in tho Lyooaiu camp who thus makes cupiUi out of bis oavslcyer't tobll W4akn«*« 