 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Before leaving -London Sir G. B. Bibbs in formed a representative of the Daily Chronicle who waited upon. hi tn that since hia visit to England, instead of the nasty, ill-natured articles which had been written about .him in Australia, bis critics in England had been fair and even generous. People had everywhere assured him that they were quite satisfied vrith j-ew anntu x»aies fcecunuee ; ano noiaera I Bit renewed confidence all round, while intending investors were reassured* ' Tho Moors fired upon a Spanish gunboat off the coast of Morocco. The Spaniards replied, and silenced tbe Moors. Fifteen thousand armed Albanians have surrounded tbe town of Jakoba. The Turkish Governor of tbe district, at tbe head of fire battalions of troops and six batteries of artillery, has gone to suppress tbe iusurreotion. Speaking at Birmingham oh Saturday night last Mr, Joseph Chamberlain ridiculed 4ir. Gladstone's overtures to the Liberal Unionists. Heeaid that the only condition hpon whioh suob overtures could be entertainea was tbe abandoning of Home Rule, Russia has re-occupied the Pamir plateau, in Central Aria, right up to the Hindoo Knosh mountains. She has established . posts at Aktash, 25 miles north of the Kilik Pass, and Tajarman, whioh have been garrisoned witb Kirghiz troops. The death is announced of Count HUbner, the Austrian diplomatist in his 81st year. The Economist, commenting on tbe Victorian Budget proposals, says tbey will probably pro long tbe existing depression. Wilson and Lunt, having been convicted of frauds at Liverpool io connection with, the cotton trade involving an amount stated to be £150,000, have been sentenced to three years* aud four years' imprisonment respectively. John James Gardiner, found guilty of having cheated and assaulted girls whom he inveigled by pretending to prepare them for the music hall stage, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The Chicago Exhibition authorities have promised an additional 20,000ft. . of space for New South Wales, if possible. Four French anarchists have been convicted of stealing dynamite cartridges, and have been sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from five to 25 years. t Rear. Admiral Nathaniel Bowden-Smitb will succeed Kear-Adiniral Lord Charles Scott in command of the Australiau rsval station. ' Mr. H. H. Komilly, who was formerly con-. nected with New Guinea and the South *Sea Islands, is dead. Captain Bia, of the Katanga Company, is reported to bave discovered a large lake be* twees Nyaugoweaud Boarkeia, Central Africa. In Venezuela tbe rebels have gained cam* pjete possession of the country. it nas neen ascertaiuea tnat me are wnicn destroyed * wing of Ueiligeuborg f-&8tje, io Baden, was caused by a chambermaid having accidentally ignited the bed curtains in tbe room occupied by Princess Beatrioe (Princess Henry of Battenberg). Thu princess escaped in ber nightdress, and was uuinjured. She awoke the household. Princoss Ilea trice lost all ber jewels and clothing. I Tbe llazara rebellion on tbo Afghau frostier I is assuming sorieus dimensions. Other native tribes are ioiniug tbe litizar&a iu their, revolt against tbe Amuun A British force, of 400 men has beeu ordered to Gomal Pass. It is reported that nn attempt to destroy the celebrated palace of Versailles by dynamite has been discovered. As two young ladies (oue tho Chancellor of the Exchequer's uiece) were walking in a field in Kent, they we/v accosti.d by a mas who wilfully shot the latter in the ftcc and struck lilc.H- All lit* hoari with ft gun. The man has becu arrested. Both the iadica arc in a precarious coudition. A discarded Mcxicau lovor attended his rival's marriage ball aud there murdered the bride and bridegroom, aud then committed suicide on the bodies. J)oug)flS. the chief tows of the'Isltf of Man, iu tbe Irish Channel, is cxcited because it has been reported that, uuder bis Bome Rule! scheme, Mr. Gladstone iutends to propose the auuexation of that part of tbe Uuited Kiogdom to Ireland. The Hussiaus have re-occupicd the Pamir plateau up to the Biudoo K.uoah, and have established forts at Aklacb aud Tajarman with-. Kbirgose garrisons* A syndicate of French capitalists bae taken over tbe concession and assuts of tbe Panama Canal Company. The prospectus of a new cumpany to complete thu Canal will be issued shortly. In America President Harrison has sanc tioned au Act parsed by Congress limiting, the duration of work for labourers and mechanics . on public works to eight hours a day. A collision occurred iu Ohio City, bet ween.au viewing tbe wreck ao oil tank exploded- and twenty persons were killed and mauy injured. The French CoucordatcmuviUeehavu corn, mended tbo suppression of eevtin archbishops and seventeen bishops. The London North Western Railway Com» panp objects to unionism among its employees, Tbe Ameer of Afgauistau desires that a British mission should be soot to Cabal to - discuss the question of the delimitation of th$ - ? North-west frontier of India, and other' , 1 matters. ? ' | Count Matsukata, the Premier of Japan, haB resigned. He will probably be succeeded I by Connt lto Birobnmi. ?. 1 A French explorer iu the Congo region, named Poumayrac, has been killed by native soldiew. The Freuch Gowmnjeut is pressing the Congo Free State for preparation. Tbe marriage of Mr. Clovis Bouaqarte has . been dissolved, the Court holdiug that, tbe - previous divorce of the wife hadbeen pro cured by fraud. Fifty thousand persons, have died from oholera in Russia witbin tbe past mouth. Mr. A. W. Smith, auctioneer, of Lismore, has beeu killed by a kick from a horse. A centenarian named William Dixon, aged 107 years, died at Southgate, iu tbe Grafton district, on Friday last. He bad been a . resident of the colony or niuuty-four yoara,. in tue oouin AUHvraiian ijt-gismiivo council on Tuesday a bill to abolish payment of mem- , bers of tbe Council was introduced and road; the firBt time. - . In tbe Victorian. Legislative Assembly on . Tuesday bills providing- for th-* redcictmu of,, the salaries of Ministers and pabiio servauts ' ' were read the first time, ? % ' . * Many Victorian industries which 'Were'; artificially created are stated to be ia snob a hopeless couditum' now iliat tbe intercolonial . ? . - markets are not available that uo'tariffaltcr- ;; ationscau help them, . , In the- Land Credit Bank ossein MelbouraeV- r ' laft Satarday Taylor w fiued . , teheed to eight years' imprisonment, 'OnrnnlSv^;,,'.' - tiVe ' on his present sintence of two .jajurs;1;; j' Ulaeke was fined £&-J0 aud seuitcnoettrt-ovfouc'. '.- yearsi, The sentencw.creiated a deep'-imprts- 'r. , t.«. eion. , The, Court was crowded, and the socos ' ' waavbry ^painful. ? ' . rAt ;Iiifmore, ihfr ''Politic'; Works'^Sctifibri /'r . . Committee jiri the Grattou to liismorerailway - . jsosolnded its Jsbourp.i The H^tnroe&'fco SJ^doey via:}lrwbaM^' ^ '.vMr .Syjiney ^tiirid ekin baa been tl ec^d inem- ; beiif-iVtheHawk'esbury. y/A^lendidsupply-of artesian water^a been . ' ' ' struck t^op^e^owba Pastoral^ ?Company's ;' ,- V xnnin^h^AVU&nns dvttriot. , ^ ,V: ' ;? ' rNexi iseission^the Governinebjt jjntend.td.iii* ; J trodueeajwater'tjinat-biildefiuiti^waterr tights and providiu# for watwr iunnyrvatiou aud . lrrigatiou. * ' 