 LONDON AND (SYDNEY, DAY 3Y DAT. Speaking in the House of Commons in the debate upon the seoond reading of the bill for seenring eight hoars .sb the standard day's work for miners; Mr, TbomaB Bart, the pre sident of the Labour Congress, opposed the1- . measure.^ He said be was opposed to legisla- ? ? tion which aimed at enforcing this reform. - Australia was the only country where the eight hours system had been aucceasfal, and there this result was brought by the mutual agreement of masters aod workmen. In -- In Amerioa laws had been passed to legalise eight hoars, but these measures had been in* operative,- and still remained a dead letter. * Mr. JoBeph Chamberlain, leader of the liberal Unionists, supported ithe bill, 'which waa * opposed by Mr. Henry. Matthews, Home' Secretary in the present Cabinet ' Having proceeded to a division, the House u rejected the motion for the second reading of the bill by majority of 112. The leaders in the Jate labonr riots in Berlin have been sentenced to teims of imprisonment rangiug from two to four yeara. It has been ascertained that the collieries idle by reason of the late strike are sustaining grave damage, owing to the increase of water in them, - From this cause, it is stated, several are now in a flooded condition, and work in them cannot be resumed. The considers that? the result of the tour of the English team disprovea the idea that oolonial cricket has deteriorated. The police have diBoovered an Anarchist bomb factory in Paris, A ^large.t-quantity of dynamite haa also been seized. President Carnot announces that he will take steps to expel from Franoe all foreign Anarchists, and legal measures will be adopted to declare the depositing of explosives in the street a capital offeoce. Advices received at 8an Franoiscc from China assert that about 8000 Mongolian r^nis were killed in one engagement, beudes about BOO being wounded, who were burned alive. The rebels captured abont 1300 --f the Imperial troops, killing about 800, and burning the remainder. M, Loabet, the French Premier, has threatened to cloae the churches in the evetii of the clerffr continuing to preach political sermons. He haa ordered the expulsion of a Scottish Jesuit named Forbes, who fulminated a charge of immorality in the army. The German Government has issued* stringent orders prohibiting the infinx of Jewe across the frontier from Russia. Four hundred thousand Bnssian Jews collected on the frontier in the hope of beiiig able to migrate into German territory ; but the German soldiers are taking strong mea sures to prevent the entry of the fugitive . Jews. Numbers who attempted to evade the Gorman guards were pursued and shot dowo. The United States Government has issned orders for the despatch of 11 men-of-war to patrol the sealing-gronnds in Behnng's Sea. Lord Salisbury telegraphed to President Harrison on Saturday intimating that he would be willing, on the fiual decision of the arbitrators being made known, that they should assess the amount of the damages due to eealers from the losing side. The United States Senate haa uncondition* ally ratified the Behriog Sea treaty, including Lord Salisbury's proposals as to the comjpen* Bating of Canadian sralers who have suffered - through being prevented from following their occupatin. The rebellious natives at Pahang, in Hie Malay Peninsula have captured Temerlose and killed a number of Sikhs. A million of gold has been withdrawn from the Batik of England for Russia. Sir William Robinson has determined to re turn to Western Australia as Governor, The death of Walt Whitman, the American poet, is announced. Tho health of the little daughter of the' Czar is causing anxiety. She haa l-enn oiling since the Borki railway accideut, when aha was thrown out of the carriage, and eiftce ihat time . has ceased to grow. At an auction sale in Loudon some Madeira wine sspposttd to have been presented by Napoleon IU., fetched three guineas a bottle. A set of Henry VIII. petmirs sold f.»r £4, aud some antique silver realised 30s. an oonoe . Some pearls belonging to the lata Miaa Forbes of Wimbledon, who claimed to be a lineal descendant of James 11., uud which were found in hor coacbhonse after her decease, fetched £19.000, one necklaoe selling for £5,000. Mr. Broadhnrst asked the Government to advise the Qoeen to create an Order like that of the Victoria Cross to reward the gAllant deeds of those who save life at sea.' In reply it was stated that the existing rewards— the highest being the Albert Medal— sufficiently meet the case. Mr. Moreton has introduced a Bill into the House of Commons to enable passengers l»y train or steamboat to use return tickets at w./ time after the date of ihsue. Ladies' gloves are now fitted with o '.i'jv ? looking glass, which lies sougly io the palm of the wearer's baud. While a man was repairing a family vauii Kewtownards, he is said to have found a l.np coutainiug a large number of guineas, h.uv guineas, and other ooins. It is expected the board will realise £1(1,000. A woman residing at Marauon. Cornr n ). had for years beon aaffering from violent pam* in the stomach, but coala get no relief rom medieal treatment. Recently, however, after taking some medicine, sbe was seized with vomiting and threw up a liviug lizard. Two Irishmen, cousins, residing in count} Tyrone, are said to be joint heirs to hnuor property in New York valued at 70 miihon^ sterling, Since the death of a relative, who died inteatate, the leases have fallen in. It is thought they will have great difficulty in . re covering the pioperty. A Japanese has invented an instrument for throwing a cloud of dust into the eyes of a fop oaoBing'teroporary blindness. A centeuariau Roman Catholic priest haa died at-Teigumbuth, A man diet! at Melton-Groen, 'Cheshire.' His baptismal certificate was ilaied 99 years back, and he remembered walking to the ohurch for the ceremony. The import of gold for last week was raised , at £68,52(1, and the export nil. After a suocesaful existenoe of 27 ycsA, the Ballarat Banking Company, Victoria, has been compelled to suspend bnsit.ess. . At the Central Police Court a groom named \ Job 6 Eneip was committed for trial on a charge ...' of bigamy. ? . .* After .the. fitst of May every newspaper ' /- entering- Victoria from New South' tyWpSjor ' Tasmania, without post^e. wiU be taxi^l^th ? - - id. . '??? - ? - ? . ;. ... On Wednesday the report .for 1891 on the naval forces of the colony was laid on the table ' of the Legislative CoonoU. The entirt 'ccist of the naval defence forces for that year . was £12,055. Ltdy Jerssy presided at the thud annual meeting of 'the Qnaeu's Jubilee Fund held]. at the Town Hall on Toeuday. The, i-epiirt showed that the endowment-fand 'fttooa Tat' £17.261. /.' Last week Matthias Larkin -and Patrick Cleary, who had previously tara oonvicted of conspiracy to defraud.the South Melbouruo' Building Society, 'wereeentenoedtoaix yean. : and fonr years imprisoDuiehtreBpectiv6)y, wfth. hard labour. ' v- ? *v The Earl of _6heffi«ldvi8 considering '.the1 possibility of briDgug auuther^ll'bnglaVi , tfileven out to Austr^U^^I^Mqn^^tay ' ' three test m&tobesl AlP$be;X*n inbera^Gf tbo AtUtrrtisn Cricket Council ^ordialy an^purt the 'proposal. 