 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Tho leaning dealers in Australian stocks are opposing the floating of any further Australian Government loans. It is, howevor, powiblo that the Btnaller de&lers will ondeavonr to float 0 small South Australian loan, that is if it can he dons cheaply. Tlie leading financiers recommend the Australian Govern ments to float their loans in tho colonies. Mr. Edward Parker Deacon, an American gentleman, who shot M. Abeille in Mrs. Deacon's bedroom at a hotel at Cannos oo February 17, and who was snbuequently found guilty snd sentenced (o one yoar's imprison ment, has- been pardoned by M. Sadi Carnot, the French President, after serving four months of bis sontence. produced a will eigued by a Mr. Park, a gentleman, who before hhi death resided At Teddington. Iu bis will it was promised that MiaB Smith ehonld have £20,000 iu the event of his eon refusing to marry her. The claim, upon inquiry, failed, and the Treasury is now prosecuuDg Miss Smith on a charge of forgery. The case iB to be heard at the Old Bailey Police Court. Ingrain (the cook), Ailistoa (tho gardener), and becklethwaite and. Paul (clerks), in the service of the deceased, are to be charged with complicity. The case was oonolndeii on Monday, tho defendants being found guilty. The sentences inflicted by the judge were aa follow : Miss Smith, 10 years' imprisonment; Miekel thwaite, clerk, 7 years ; Paul, clerk, 5 years ; Allestou, gardener, 1 year ; aad Ingraoi, cook, 6 months. The judge, in passing sentence, eald that Mi&a Smith had been the ooaooctcr cf the whole thing. Captain Andrews has successfully mode- a trip across the Atlantic Ocean alone in a boat. The boat, which was called the City of Lisbon, was 15 feet long, aud tho time occupied in the voyage was two months. Prince Victor has issued a manifesto, which he has signed 'Napoleon,' in which ha de mands that a plebiscite of the French people should be immediately taken ou the subject of the restoration of the monarchy, M. Blowitz, the Paris correspondent of tho London Times, declares that ihe plebiscite would be an utter failure, Prince Victor being unable to obtain a million votes. News has b«o received from Kassia of a dreadful murder case. It appeals thut Mrs. Soioio puiw-aed her husband, a professor iu Finland. Bhe was tried, yesterd&y, and fonnd guilty, the court ordering her right hand to be severed, the convict then to be beheaded, and her body afterwards burned. An appeal agaiast this Bentence is being made to the Czar. Information has been received that the Chicago night express on Wednesday came into collision with a goods train near Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, U. S. A. The cars were set Ore by the over-turned lampa, and a Bce&eof wild horror was witnessed. Six of the passengers, who had been pinioned by the fallen timbers of tho smashed np cars, were burned to doath. Many of the other passengers who woro ic&cued were found to bo seriously injured, and had to be conveyed to a hospital. It is reported that the Ameer of Afghanistan has postod a notico on the gates of Jollalahad, warning ths tribes that aa has sent for two brigades of British troops to guard the banks of the Amn Darya (Oxus River), and for the purpose of rcpolling tho Russians, whom he describes as ' tyrannical Kafirs.' Information h«s been leceived that fnrthcr Ruftaiari reinforcements for the Pamirs are passing through Tnshlend. The epidemic is reported to be increasing is Holland. Cholera is raging in Bessarabia, and it Is feared tbat it will spread into Hotuziaais. The Emperor William of Germany b&3 sent on autograph letter exprwsing his sympathy with the soiferera from the cholera epidemic at Hamburg, and enclosing a sum of 10,000 marks (£500) for the relief of the distress caused thereby. The crow of the ship Biyard mutinied at Qneenstown to-day, and refused to proceed to Hamburg on acaaaat of the prevalence of cholera there, A crew of outsiders was then obtained, the nmtineefs jigreoing to pay * portion of tbtir wages. - ? . ' . Tho cholera epidemic has now appeared jo the (ialtio provinces of Eossia, Hows haa been received of a BOrSous labour riot iit St. Thomas, one of the Danish West India lolauils'. , The i negroes overpowered the troopt, ' .rsDiMclced % .cumber, of jioows, and .maltreated the -woman.- The residents were compelled1 to take refuge oo board the ships in ' the . harbour. Reinforcement! of troops were lent from' 8t.,,Croix, and the riot was evautnrdly quelled. .''.,::.. ?:'.. '?? ': ? - The Dnblm Corporation, rejected by 17 totes to Jfi, n motion in favour of presenting adilrMBM to Lord TlottghtoV, ^he new Lora Lieutenant v-f Ireland, »od the .Eight -Hon. John 'Morley, Chief ^Secretary for Irelua, ou the occasion of their official entry into the «ity. ?'.?,' ' Mt. Macfarlane has roplacod the Hon. , Samuel Parko, as Preiumr of Hawaii. Mr. Allen, secretary of the Marriage Lwr Reform Association, in a letter to the lima pnblished on Tuesday, strongly urges that % marriage celebrated in my one province Bhould be recoffuiaed &b valid everywhere within the British Empire. He also states that Mr. Stanhope will submit to tho com mittee of. the Imporii! Federation League s- communication showing the evils of the present irritating system of diverse marriage laws in varioiu 'parts of the Empire. It is reported that Frince Henry of Hesse, brothor to the reigning priooe, hu married Mdlle. Milena. an aotress. It is announced that the marriage of Princess Marie, eldest aaugbtorol tbeunke of Edinburgh, and tile Crown Prince Fer dinand of fionmonia, will take place at Sigmaringen on tho 10th Janoury next. The Stats officials hare refined to allow the release on bail ol O'Dounell, the leader of tho rioters at Carnegie's Homestead Works, who has been oommited for trial. The Evicted Tenant*' Association, «t ? meeting held at Cork on Friday, demanded » grant ol .£250,000 for tbe Bnpport of the ? evicted tenants in Ireland, in default ol tbelr being reinstated in their holdings, Several of the speakers hinted that if the demand were not ooaoedad thoxe would, bo a danger oi oWU The Russian Government has sent a diplomatic note to the Sublime Forte of Turkey, protesting that Turkey is violating the treaty of Berlin, in encoorsgeing tlie assumptions of Bulgaria. A tragedy, unexampld is its sensational features, hu just been enacted in the onukirts of the city of Mexico, U.S.A. On Tuesday afternoon John Faltneyn, a well-to-do young farmer of tbe adjoining district, was married to a Mies Alice Mailer, the daughter of a highly respectable oountry doctor. The marriage was attended by a good many friends, aud among them John lUlUas, on Ohio man, who bad courted Miss Midler for severs! yaan, but iu vain. When tho engagement between the young couple was announced. Ellis made some threatening remarks ; bat bnt as he and Falmeyrehad been friends for Borne years, and appeared to be on good terms then, no notice woe taken of his remarks. The weeding took place at a little country church, tuxl after wards tbe party retired to the residence of tbe briuVs fattier, where a banquet was laid out, and where, late on in the evening » country ball was given. Tbe bride had danosd once or twice, when EllioB asked for the privilege of a waltz. She made some laughing remark to her husband about its being her lust dance, and accepted. Iu a moment tho two wore spinning ronnd tbe room, when suddenly, and while the young girl wasgstill dancing with him, Ellias was seen to disengage bis left hand, draw a revolver from his pockot, and raising it uaickly to her forehead blew her brains out. The whole thing oocured so quickly that the girl could never hare re alised what had happened. She fell dead to the floor, her bridal drosa saturated with blood. John Fahne7n was, tbe Erst to spring to wards the murderer. Bat before ho could reach him Ellias fired again, and lodged » bullet in the young bn- band's chest, from which be will probably die. Then, before he could be prevented by tbe horrified guests Ellias pat a third ballet through his own bead, and actually fell dead upon the oorpae of hiB partner in the waltz of a f ew moments before. A scene of indescribable excitement followed, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the f ithor ot the murdered girl ooold be torn away from his daughter's body. The affair has created a most painful impression in the neighbourhood, where nearly all tbe parties are well known. A horrible orime hu just been reported from the village of Mifllin, in the Henderson Country, IS miles south-east of Jackson, U.S.A. A widow named Hendrix was found dead ou Monday afternoon, with her face terribly disfigured, in a field where she had been st work on tbe farm of a man named Bobinuoo. She and her four children were in the field together, and tbo children state that Robinson's son, a lad a! 14. stroob her on tbe head with a hoe, foiling her to the ground. He then induced tho eldest girl to bring him an axe, aad with that, iu the presence of tbe children, he cut tbo unfortunate woman s head until her features were beyond recognition. The first two volumes of Lori Loltoi'u 'Eflrainiscences' have been published. The Fress pronounces tho work to be a veritable mine of secret history aad valuable anecdote. It is reported that a syndicate is being formed in Loadon for tbe purpose of buying the Broken Hill Proprietary mine. It is reported that tbe rebellion in the Congo is spreading to German territory. Klein Foshr has taken refuge with an Arab chief at Lake Albert Edward Nyanz*. His resources are exhausted. It is rumoured that it is ta-rat«ropiation at the Vatican to appoint Cardinal Moran to one of the vacant English cardinalites. Mr. H. H. Champion, the socialist, Bays he is in a position to provide the election ex. peasoB of 100 labour candidates iu Great Britau. The raso sgainst Mr. Crick, M.P., brought by his wife for desertion, was amioably 5r» tanged outside the court on Monday, a deed, of separation having beoa executed, and Mrs. Crick accopting the terms her husband had offered her, 1 One of the most severe gales ever oxperionced in Sydnny occared on Ratnrrlay morning, aud a great aruonut of damage was done, both to shipping and on shore. Two fatalities are also reported. The storm waB also severely felt in tbo ooantry districts ; where heavy rains fell flooding many of the rivers, eome of which reached a greater height than for the last twenty years past. Heavy falls of tnow also took piaoe in Boveral districts. A railway tssident oocured at Eastwood, near Sydney, on Saturday night, and the mail train from Brisbane had a narrow escape from being wrecked. Messrs. Danes and Wishart are making preparations for proceeding with their con tract at tbe Proprietary mine *t Broken Hill; and cipect to bo in full swing in about a fortnight. -They are receiving plonty of applications for work. During the month of August thore were in Sydney rod suburbs 1IGS births and 390 deaths. Ou the 30th June tbe estimated population of Now South Wata was 1,182,506. Ihtin-. crease for tbe half-year was 17,200. The prize-money won at the recent A, J.C. Spring Meeting totalled £13,625, of which tor. J.B. Clark, £2,338, m the largest winner. Boderiok .H'Namara, Francis Abigail, William Twist, and Horaw Saloon have seen commitodf or trial for conspiracy in connection with the Australian Banking ponipanyv.' . . Up to date the wool received by the railway authorities Darling Harbour from 1st July iia» been 68,030 bales, »s against 32, 500 bala ior ? ? ? the corresponding period lait year, being »n . iacreM.ofS6,K»l«Bl«5. ,'V.i :l-iJ£: :'--.-.? : - ' AtaofaWtohasooonreilnMt.iJaaaiibeyaJi Edtfsrq £, .Grace . w*» roturmng'-nonie to .. Gongahleene, and,' whon crowing Olnnuiaor* ' ? ' OrSfe, tis Vehicle . Wu :*»b5^Hr»y;' -.Mr.;- '?-;. . Craoe and his coachman were botharowaed, M aVw' was one horse, tnt the remaining one ? B-asrenonod, Mr. Crace'ubody WMtetaTerea. ' Mr. Grape loaves a widow ua« Urge family. .. It is underetood.ihat the Mbitretbri who . ' wore .nsoaritly »ppomtod' iidAer,.il» ^Tnim Disputes Arbitration »nd, Conciliation Act— Mr. Aloisndor Botbd on bibalf of .the employ era, »u.) Mr. P.O. Brenn«nonltohajfcf ihe employees— havs recommended .? tbat, :: Dr. Oarren,M.L.O,, bo appointed ;'c the position uf president under the Act. . 