 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. Sir Edward James Reed (GladetoDian Liberal), M.F. fur Cardiff, has pubiiohed a letter in which he states Mb willingness to allow cd enlarged scheme of local government for Ireland without disturbing the fundament al relations now existing between Ireland and Great Britain, but he warns Mr. Gladstone against the Home Rale pretentions of tbe Parnellite section of the Irish Nationalists, and also againat the release of -tbe dynamiters now undergoing sentences of imprisonment and tbe restoring of the evicted tenants in Ireland to their holdings. Sir Edward Reed states that he represents the sentiments of a large number ot members ot tbe tloa-e ot Commons. In consequence of tbe extradition of Jean Pierre FranooiB on a charge of being concerned in the explosion of tbe Gafd Very, in Paris, the Anarchists are very active in London at the present time, and it ia reported that an extensive plot for the destruction of the public buildings haB been discovered. Both French and English detectives are actively at work, and it is estimated that there are at the present time not leas than 300 foreign Anarchists in LondoD. In consequence of the action of Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria ia endeavoaring to have a change made in tbe constitution of the country to enable him to marry an Austrian Princess, aud to have the children of the marriage educated as Roman Cath'olios. Russia has made a sudden demand .for the payment by Bulgaria of 2.000,000 roubles, being the cost of the Russian occupation of that country daring the last Rnsso-Tnrkish war. The Russian Press threaten that if Priooe Ferdinand or his posterity should be recognised by the other States as rulers of Bulgaria, BnSBia will deno.nnoe tbe Berlin Treaty of 1878, especially as regards the pro visions affecting Tarkey, and also Bosnia and Hersegovina, which were handed over to Austria by the treaty. Nows baa beeu reoeived of tbe murder of General Drozgnweky, the chief Judge at ToBbkend, in Russian Turkestan, He had during his term of office passed sentence on a number of Nihilists, and it is therefore sur mised that his murder was the ontoome of *a Nihilist plot. The African Transcontinental Telegraph Company, with a capital of £400,000. ^has been annouueed. The object of the company is to construct a teleuraph line from Mashona 1sd-3, in British Sooth Africa, to Uganda, and thence northward to Wady Haifa, on tbe southern froo ier of Egypt, a total distance of about 2600 (niles. The Goldsmiths' Company (one of tbe twelve 'groat' City Livery Companies) has made a donation of £25,000 to Gninne's's Trust for the erection of workmen's dwellings in Loudon. In reply- to ihe communication from tbe Indian Currency Association arcing Lord Kimberley, in view of the faituie ut tbe later national Monetary Conference, to- take measores for protecting the currency of India, the Imperial Government state that they would be in a better pusitinu to act in tbe matter if left untrammelled. A telegram received through Dalsiel's Agency reports a most diabolical outrage in connection with tbe receut strike of Carnegie and Co. 's employees. It is stated that the cook who was supply ing meals to the free labourers at the Home stead works, pnt poison iu tbe food, and forty men are already dead, while sixty others are in a dying conditiou. The oook aud nine others supposed to be implicated. have bean arres*ed. From later information it appears* that the men lately on strike promised the cook a Bum of 5000 dollars for poisooing a sufficient number of the free workmen to cause tbe closing of the works. An accomplice gave information of the plot to the manager, and the cook has eiuce confessed his guilt. The Cardiff branch of the Irish National League bos expelled Sir Edward J. Reed, M.P. for Cardiff, from its rnemhetahip in con sequence of the letter published by bitn in opposition to Home Rule, Mr. Timothy Healy, one of the prominent members of tbe Anri-Paraellite section of tbe Irish Nationalist Party, was stoned by a mob in the vicinity of Enoia on account of the aotion be had taken in connection with the Setition against the return of Mr. \Villiam :edmoDd for East Clare. He is now guarded by a body of police, as a protection against farther outrage. President Harrison reoommends the con struction of new routes of railways, and tbe establishment of new lines of steamers, iu order to render American exporters absolutely independent of Canada, Corporal Gordon has been deoorated with the Victoria Cross for saving the life of his oommaudiug officer at the Gambia River, Seoegambia, West Africa, in March lost. The Press predicts a hearty welooms for Professor Pearson's book on 'Aostralioo Natioual Life and Character.' . j The London Times this morning contains au article extending over five columns, which gives the history of the growth in New South Wales aud Victoria of the. export' trade in butter, meat, aud fruit. Information has been received that ft fire has ocuorre'i at Copauhsgeu, tbe capital of1 Denmark, by which six buildings have been destroyed, . Three children were burned to deai-h. The reports which had been received re garding tbe massacre by Arab slave t sd^rs of tbe expedition led by Jacques and Joubert from the Congo through ' Katanga Laud to Lake Taugauyilia, and uf that leefby Captaiu Bia iu tbe same country have been confirmed. The authorities at thu British MnSeum are willing to supply the Melbourne Museum wuh a fac-siinile pf the suppoaod original trusty, made by Batman, the faamier of Port Phillip, with the native chiefs, and which was receutly found in a secoud^haud fa'uohbhop. The lenders ol the unemployed in the city have accused Sir 'William Qarcourt, tbe Clisuccllor of the Exchequer, with .having stated that he wuuld not believe in the gen uinenesB of the prevalent discontent until tbe shops were looted and tbe rooks fired. The AQglo-Australian Artists' Association have completed tieir collection of pictures for the approaching exhibition of pictures at Mel bourne, sf/d the collection will be shipped for Australia on December 16. The exhibits' include iO pictures from the Royal Academy. 9 from the Woter Colour Society, and 29 froin the Knyal. Institute. News haB been received that typhoid fever has become widespread iu the city of Mexico, and that 25 deaths are occurring daily. Sir ' James F, ' Garrick, tbu Queensland Agent-General, denies the report that there is au immediateprospeot of the Queeusland Gov ernment floating. another loan* Mr. Gladstone has been presented with tbe freedum of tlie city pf Glasgow. . Mr, Cecil Rhodes offers to spend £160,000 on a telegraph to Uganda, . . . The Greek Government is going to borrow £2,000,000. . . * Seven Paris newspapers said to have beun bribed 'over The Panama matter. German workman being ' expelled ' from France fur trying to organise a strike.' Tonqnin pirates .carry. off 80 women and children and anffboate them with charcoal fumes. .?'??* , The Civic authorities of . Moscow exolod all Jewish merchants, «tc., except eoovprts. . The wealth of the United States is 3,648.Q0O.OUdi»l., according to tbe .census, Ijord Gumunston and Sir Cecil OUmenti Smith ore talked of as Governors of Tasmania, The Right Hon, John Morlev, Chief Secret* ary for Ireland, in a speech delivered at New castle, said tbe Government wonld submit a soherne of Home Rule wbioh Ireland ought to accept and which England conld not refuse. The outcry about Irish clericalism, be declared* was mere cant. 'A serious outrage is reported to have been oommitted in County Kerry, Ireland. A band of ten Moonlighters made an attack on an old farmer, whom they alleged to he a landgrabb er, and nearly murdered him in the presence of his family. Intormstiou has been received that a force of 2,000 Yaqn Indians are making war against the white settlers in Mexico and are burning the homesteads. They have killed a wealthy Spaniard, his two sons, and six others. The Government have been apprised of the out break, and 500 soldiers have been sent in pur* salt of the Indians. Tbe proprietor of a newspaper called Pick Me Up .was fined 10a, for a breach of the Lottery Act in connection with a guessing competition. It is expeoted that this pro Sean tion will put a stop to all the goessing and word competitions which now form so promi nent a featnre in many publications. The death is announced of Sir John Bernard Burke, Ulster Klog-at-arms, aged 77 years. The Bulgarian Chamber of Deputies is pledgod to cupport the alteration of the Con stitution proposed by, Prince -Ferdinand to enable him to marry an Austrian princess and have the children of tbe marriage educated as Roman Catholios. Mr. A. J. Balfour, addresribg a .meeting of tho National Union'pf .Conservative Associa tions at Sheffield, declared that there was no possibility of the Irish Home Rule Bill being passed, In the course of his speech Mr, Balfotir referred to the enormous difficulty presented by the important social questions now awaiting solution, and urged a judicious middle oouirse of treatment in oonneotion with them. Statistics have been published wbioh show that since tbe first outbreak of the cholera epidemic no less than 550,000 cases have occurred in Russia, and uf these- 260,000 proved fatal. It ia stated that President Harrison has decided to place an ironclad carrying four 60 ton guns on the Great Lakes between the CTuited Statei aud Canada. The Indian Cnrreucy Commission are pre paring a scheme for restoring a gold standard in India. Twenty-six persons . connected with the cholera riots iu Russia to be hanged ; 46 for Siberia. Fears entertained in Amerioa that an out break of cholera may ocour at the Ohicaco Fair. The b.b Greys toke reported wrecked in the North Sea. Twenty drowned ; others died of cold. Russia is said to be getting lukewarm to wards France. The Czar does not like the anarchist movement. Tbe British Government going to hand over Swaziland to the Transvaal Republio, Tbe Investigating Committee of the French Chamber find ibat £140,000 of the Panama Co., was spent iu bribes. Mr. Thomas Nelsoo, publisher, Edinburgh, leaves £60.000 to tbe Working Men's Club and £20.000 to charities. The Dowager Duchess of Sutherland pub lishes a pamphlet of family Becrets, do. Another will case, with lively incidents, Wells, tlie Englishman who a year or two ago waa remarkably tucceseful at the roulette tables at the casino, Monte Carlo, and who quite recently swindled an English firm ont of £40,000, yesterdav attempted to commit sncicido at Havre, in Frauce, An application bad been made for his extradition, and it was granted, subject to the ' usual conditions. Wells on belug oooveyed back to bis call dashed his bead acaiust tbe wall, his object being to put au end to his life. The death is aunounced of Dr. Werner Siemens, the eminent eleoirioal engineer, in bis 76th year. Mrs. Mayhrick, who woe sentenced to death in 1889, foi' co using tbe death of her husband, Mr. James Maybriok, and whose sentenoe was subsequently commoted to imprisonment for life, is believed to 'be dying. She asserts her inuoceuce of the crime for which she is under going a life sentenoe. Details of tbe wreck of the ship W. A* Campbell were received by the M&rjpofa on Friday. One boat is etill nii&siog, 'aud it is feared that it has been lost. It contained Captain Havener and his wife and 12 aeamen. The boat in charge of the first officer reached the Sandwioh Islands, Dreadful privations were endured by the shipwrecked men, who became emaoiated by hanger; and almost raving nxsd from thirst. The first authorised cremation in Viotoria took place on Sunday, when tbe body of a Chinese leper was crematid. The body was {ilaced in. a shell on three', tons of wood. A igbt was applied by Dr. Gresswel), and in three home it was burned toa oinder The aebas were placed in a small box and buried, The'Treaeurer duJivere 1 his flnanoial state ment on Wednesday night. The estimated deficiency at end ot 1891 waa £589 000, bnt it actually amounted to £770 000. The estimat ed surplus for 1892 was £358,055, instead mf wbioh there will be a deficiency of £38,231, or £740.386 woree than estimated. Tbe debit balance from 1892 and previous years to oom menoe with 1893 is, therefore, £1,152,77 2. The estimated reveone for 1893 ie £10,600,704, and the estimated expenditure, £10,458,210, or a surplus of £442.494, reducing the defici ency at the eod of 1893 to £7 10,278. No fresh taxation is proposed, bnt increased economy will be exeicised. As sufficient funds have not been forth coming, the provisional committee of the Natioual Regatta hat decided ttiat the regatta muBt be abandoned fur the year. ' At a meet ing held last night, Mr. Kiiox, the ohairman, eaid that euch a spirit of gambling bad taken hold of the uommunity as to banish all love of houest and manly sport, at least as far as row ing aud sailing were couoeroed. The Postmaster-Gereral has authorised the Ageot-General to sign the agreement for rais ing the cable rates from 4a. to 4s. 6d» per word, irrespective of the sanction being given by India, so that tho rates may come into force on January L Any misunderstanding with India will be settled afterwards. On Tuesday evening & demonstration of trades .unionists was held for the purpose of presenting to tbe labour members the petition prepared oy the Trades and Labour Connoil to Parliament for the release of the Broken Hill strike prisoners. A torchlight procession of about 1,000 persons, accompanied by two bands, paraded the streets,, and tbe petition was formally handed over to tbe latyrar mem bers at the statue, where apohlio meeting was helb. It is claimed that the petition bears 25,000 signatures. 