 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The Hod. Edward UUke, the AntiPtrueM ite M.P. (or Longford South, i& sskiog tbe Bight Son. W. K. Gladstono to disclose his IrJBh progrrmme. The jVouoe Vretiya, one nf the St. Petera burg daily journals, predicts that the Pamir difficulty will be amicably settled without any Ru#Bi&n coDoeEBiion. The French authorities arc complaining at the British occupation of the Beam Coast, near the month of the Niger River. \Veat Africa. They also complain that French tnission&ri&B &t Abeckuta have b&cn kept in custody sod their effects seized. The Tr&dta Coogreas at CHaagow have declined to pass a resolution refusing permis sion for the emyloyment of foreign labour. KesolutiouB were, however, passed dcmaudiug —first, that tbe eight-hour day question should be optional with employers. aod, aeuondJy, that there should be iucreased factory inspection Lord Roberts of Candahar, CnmmaoderiD chetf ol the Briti&b forces in India, hu- bqc ceoUd in arranging for a meeting with Abdurrahman, tho Ameer of Afghanistan, at JeUIabad a city in Afghanistan, situate between tbe Kyber Pass and Cabal The British wheat crop ifl suffering from nut, and the yield is expected to be only £5 per cent of the estimate. It is reported that the Governments of France and Russia have agreed upon a course of action in regard to the Egyptian question. Tippoo Tib, tho African potentate, who played an important but treacherous part in connection with Mr. H. M. Stanley's esp&.ii tiuu across Central Africa, is prouosiug to visit Great Britain and Belgium, The ParnelUte party have issned a manifesto in which it. ia slated that it is necessary to pro* vide safeguards against any possible act - f treachery od the part of the Government in regard to bomeralu. Information has been received that the Glasgow to Fremantle, West Australia, mutinied when off Swansea. It jb reported that the captain was shot dead. The Go ve- mnuut qE Newfoundland are now in favour of joining the Canadian Dominion. The Daily Hem sayB that British trade is recovorinp the loss occasioned by the operation uf tbe M 'Kinky tariff in America. The natives of Yemen, in south-west Arabia, yrho have for some time been in revolt against tbe Turkish authorities, have beeu pacified. The Hon. George. K. Foster, Canadian Minister of Finance, assorts that sinoB the passing of the M * Kinky tariff iu America the exports from tbe dominion liave iijcreaaej by £G. 000. 000. The London unancierB cordially approve of Sir Graham Beny'* proposed tax on absoatee proprietors. President Harriflou has accepted ro-nomina* tion for the presidency of the United Status. He declares that the reciprocity policy Las been the means of increasing imde --y 23 per cent, witb those con o trice with which re oiprocity was arranged- Speaking od lbs Eiiver question, President Harrison stated that he w«a convinced that the free coinage of silver iu touch a ratio with gold as would inaia Uin the equality ia the value of the two iottala woul-l coLduce to tbe prosperity of the world. ' General ' Booth admits that be bis 'up to his utok ' in tiunuciai uitiicmty in carrying on tbe work of the Salvation ' Army.' He still relio3 on the public to provide £30,000 a yuur tur his ' Dbrke&t Engl&ud ' scheme He nays bo bag already spent i)C5,000 ia couuecliuu witb the imliuinu. but tlie liability execods tbe assets by £55,(M0. ' General ' Booth, however, asberui that oace roaud the corner tbe scheme will pruvo a great baeiness dueceab. He iotends to culnmeace pawubrok- ing oa the Paiisian syutein. Harnam. tbe leader of the dogheriuo revolt »g»in»t the SulUn ot Moroaio, hoe ihreateDeJ that if the Sultin's Governor of Tangier beheads any of the AnglmriQes he will Qe oapit&te all the Mooi iah prisoners now or here after in his power. The latest intelligence from Tangier iu refertmce to tbe revolt in Momcco ia to the effort that the dogheriue rebels are showing indiuacious tbat they intend to give iu their SubuiiBsiou to the Sultan. By an explosion of firedamp in a coal mine at Framienis, ? town of Belgium, in thu pro vince of lioinaut, near Hone, 10 of tbe colliors were killed. Thirty men are still entombed iu the workings, Mr. John Bodge, president of the second Bjn&u&l congress ot Trades Duion of Great Britain, which has just begun its sittings in fltaeiT..ur ilaliooniii liin innnirnnl firt^rfiBn. lin aaid tnat he advocated social aud moral reforms in order that they might prove a counter attraction to tbe public-bouse. Amoug tlie things ' to be desired in this respect were model eauitary dwellings and additional pro vision for recro&tion. He would approve of arbitration in trade diBpuU», but be bad to admit that perfect equality between labour and wealth wan, for tho present, unattaionhUi. Tho nationalisation oi rsilvnyB and of Jaud was, in hlB opiuioo, to be advocated, llo de precated1 'he extension of Sunday labour, and tbe oponing of museums aud similar placed on tbe day of rest, With regard to the political activity of trader unionists, he advised tho unions to abstain from politioal intrigues. Beferriug to that dauee of the enggwted pro. gramme of the Oougress which advocated the holding of an intemaiitmal oonferenoe upon the eight houre qutidiioo and tbo taking of a plebiscite upou thn question of o IcgSl voraoa an optional dght-huuas day, Mr. Hodge as serted that a general eight hours day could do very little towards equalising tbe sharing of tlie products of labour. The question, in hia opinion, was as yet in a preliminary Btage, and he was unprepared by legalising «igKt- houra to force tbe system upon those trades the. members of which objected to it. He re garded the proposad ola-age pennon scheme an a snare to the unwary. The German meu-of-war 'in the Pacific havo boon ordered to prevent the natives employed by the New Guinea Company from serving as labourers in other parts ol the world. France is building a fortifi«l harbour at the town of Biserta in Tunis at* oust of 16,000,000 francs. Tha inWlligenoo of this proceeding uooanioned sumo exmtemeot in AnstrU -ud Itl.iy. Twentyaix persons have perished1 'in tbe foundering of a steamer on Lake Snpciiur, OapUin I/n^aM, liuuinr of llle'BiitJ-li East Africa Company's expedition to Uganda, re iporte that in April lait Emiii V'»Bhn, who was reported to bave/Jied irtim smallpox, wis mkrcbipg {rom Uosunbtmi' to thd Congo. ' ? . The liuqaie at Hipon has informed Sir Saul Samuel thin there is no foundation whatever for the report that tbodaanda of Euasiaii i$m were eroigraiing io ^ostralia. . The Imperul a.vemnifuiaocsnotanii.ipad that ooy action will be reqnirad in/tfie inatwr. ' ,.? . ;'. . ; ' AforceoT*lpb.BH«Jliana natira trpopj hi» been , ordered to ^p'roofe-l to tin Blank Mountain cunutry, oh the Puujaub f ioo|.ier, lo quell fresh trouble* which have broken out binoiigat tbe Uiudou ihbub. The Norwegian white J«Mn h»s loft Sand. fjord in Norway for a voy^c tu tue Autaictic Sir Henry Brougham Loch, G.B, High Commiisioner of South Africa, bas pursuded .Oungnnhana, a powerful chiaf of South Eastern Africa, not to expel the Portngnese from his territory. Professor Pickering of Harvard, so American aBtronomer, asserte that lie has beeu able to .' . trace iu the planet Mars 11 lakeB and two mountain ranuog. Ireland ia beginning to show symptoms of agrarian unreal, «s evicted fsoaate an again fomenting an agitation, The London Daily Telegraph announces tbat Dr. Parker has dotermined to' sever his oounection with the English Congiegatdenal Union. ' A new army bill will be introduced in tbe German fieitintfog next seMion. It will in crease the military expenditure to 70,000,000 marks annually. Tlio extra oipeuditure will probably he met by an incro ?: cd duty on boer and by a Government inoai.po'.y of the growth of *ol-acco. The whole of the Portugese aardin ? fact.irics h&ve been closed, owing to llie iualii ity of the Government to pay the amount of tbe draw backs on foreign oil need curuing. A report just received from Simla slates that the Russian troops have evaoo.ft.tod. tha Pumire. Itiu reported that the ltuosiins have retired to the Murphab River, where it is intended to establish a permanent station. The Grand Duke Nicholas of Russia, cousin of the Czar, is reported to have married a tradesman's daagliter. Latest news from Morocco Btates that k nem Governor of An((hera has been appointed in place ot tho one recently dvpottul by th« Sultan, and fighting between tbe rebels and the Sultan's troops lias now oeaaed. The British War Office authorities bave ordered the organisation of three army corns as an experiment to test tbe existing facilities for mobilicaiion. Viscount Fielding, brother of the Earl of Denbigh, sayB he caii vouch for tbe miracnlons carea said to have resulted from drinking if the fonotain of Lourdea, as he has personally inquired into a nonibkf of cftses of both oftooer , . and phthisis which were declared to have been enred by that means. Tbe Ifovmli, a tit. Peteieburg j.mrnal asserts that it ie impossible for Great Britain to pnr, chaue the Congo Independent Stale from the King of Belgium, beonnue the authorities in tho Lower Congo distii.-t will not consent. Contracts to tne nmonnt of £2325 IBs 3d have beeu let in connectiun with tbe rabbit proof fence from Nariornine to the Eivtir ulnrray. The euper&nniiatiaa f and af the civil eerviae rosehed a total of £460000 on August SI, having increased by £20,000 during tho last eight months. Thp tiyduey I.*ad Works have beeu started in a building cloBe tn the (ioveromeut Wbarfi Ulnckwattie Bay. At a meeting of the Cabinet held lust week tbe selection of Mr. AlsMnder Kethel to re present the intureate of the employers uuder the Arbitration Act w»s approved. Arrangements have been outerud iuto by the New South Wales postal authorities with tlie Indian offices for a diiect exchange of paroelB hctwecu this colony and Inui*. ' . At a meeting of the Executive Coancil on Tuesday it was decide 1 to isauc a proclamation notifyiug that all i-bijjs arriving from Enrope Bhall be detained in quarantine until thoy re ceive pratique. The action Cohon v. Hood, io wlitch plaintiff claimed £5000 damages for the loss of his wife, Rehi-ccfl Cohen, who died under treat ment by the Houds for cancer, was oouclU'lud ' iu the No. S.lury Court on Monday. The jury awarded the plaintiff £50 damages. There wad laid upuu the table of the Legislatirn Aescn-)-)j' on Tuesday a return Bhowing the expenditure for purcliasing and maiuiai -ing puljltc pivrks or reui-atiou ru- serves iu the city aud suburbs, since 1st Jaoonry, 1880 and the same f'r public porks Hiid recreatiou reserves iu eouutry districts. In tho city and aulmrUB there had been on the Centennial Park, £19S,277i Bota.iio G«r-)«M, t;2.auo 15s lOd ; Government Domain, £31, 572 18a Id ; Garden Palace lii..uuus, £13.546 ' Is 7.1 ; all oilier reserves, 1282 81 1; making a sum uf £598 507. In the country districts there had becu spent £132 518; and ou thu Natiouul 1'urk, £24 825 ; makiug altogether an expenditure of £7(i5 050 lfo Id. Mrs. Tliomos, widow uf tno lute Pr. Thouios, Bishopof Goulburn. has preieutcd the valuable library collected by her husband, to the ilioceue. The libraiy contains about 3,000 volumes, nnd it i- tM to be tbe most complete collection of ecclesiastical works in New South Wales. The charge agsuust s. young married man named Johu M'Numarra, of abusing liis Bister iu-iaw, a girl of 13, who i'b enpeintc, is pro ceedinu. Some curious relationsliips have come U- light in this n» Mrs. Adeline M.Nnmnrra, one of tbo witnesses, described herself a- a danubter of the father of the pro sccutrix, sister of the prusccutrix, step-mother ' ^ aud sist«r-in- law of tho accused, and wife of John M'Namarra, father nf accused. 