 LONDON, AND SYDNEY. DAT RY DAY.. In the HonBe of Commons last night the amendment to the Address in Reply toiho, Speech from the Throne moved by Mr. T. Sexton, member for Wo»t Belfwt, declaring that the Irish Land Act had proved a failure, . and fnnber asserting the inability of the Imperial Parliimont to legislate for Ireland, was rejected on a snap division by a majority of 21. Many unionists were absent at the time of the division. The Address in Ec|-ly was agreed to. Ueneral Booth has selected the Cape of Good Hope for the e&t&blishmeut of his over-Bea colony. A Pacific Islands Syndicate Iibb been registered, with a capital of Jt:5IJO,00O: The Earl of Alkermarle, Mr. J. S. Balfour, M.P. tor Burnley, and the Marqnis of St. Yves are the directors, fbe syndicate has been formed to scqoire mineral rights to land, to grow fruity and to operate us banks in all kinds of explora tion and mercantile business in the New Hebrides, hew Caledonia, and olsewbere. Mr. John Higginson ani Mr. Joseph Ebb smith Are the managing directors. Sir Cecil 0. Smith, Governor of the Strtitt Settlements, hu introduced bills into tho local Legislative Council to prohibit Sunday working on ships, axoept on mail steamers, A Nihilist conspiracy has been dstected at Poltavo, in Little Russia, ilauy arrreits have bees affected by the police. It has beea discovered that the late io cendiary fire at the Royal Palace at Konigj berg, in Prussia, wu the wotk. of Afiarchists. The Economist says that the issue of Treasury bills by the Colonial Government* indicates a . condition of impecuoiosity. It considers that this mathod of raising money is. worse than by means of loans, inasmuch as it creates an impression that the colony taking thia conrse has no resource except to pile up. floating debts. It is reported from North America that, auroras of astonishing brilliancy have been visible in parts of the conntry, and they are attributed to sun-spots of the size of oue-fifth of the sud's diameter. Block, pox and spotted typhus have broken, oat in Southern Russia. The Imperial RnasionGovernmenthasgranted to the Committee of Relief an additional sum of £9,500,000 for the relief of the famine-, stricken people. Sixty thunrond refugees from the famine districts]have arrived at St. Petersburg. They have been billeted apoo tba inhabitants. A telegram, has been received from Suakim to the effect that fighting is going on at Khartoum, Cherif, who clairaB the Khulifate, has defeated the Khalifa Abdullah. Easssla ib depopulated. The refusal of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach to denounce the favoured nation clauses iu the commeToialtreatieB with Germany aDd Relgiuni his given rise to a feeling of disappointment in Cao-ida. Chiua is secretly mobilising her forces in Kaahgar with the intention ol occnpyJuK the Pamir Plateau. V * In addressing a meeting at Liverpool, Lord C«rrinston declared that his criticism of Lord KniLtsfurd'a policy was warmly approved ia Australia. Lord Carrington also said that Horn* Rule for Ireland wa, the first step in a frank and fearless policy of uniting Great Uritian, Ireland aud the coloniea for the mil nteoance of common iutjrests mid tbe defence of common rights. Lord Carrington asserts that the Australian, naval arrangements axe . unlikeiy to bo re* It iB asserted that the Emperor Willii.m in. teude to viBit Chicago during ihc exhibition. Tbe persoualty of the late Him. A. G. Tollemache has beh ewuru for probate at under a million and a quarter. Of tills amount half' a million is represented by estates in New Zealand. The Earl of Glangow, the New Governor of Hew Zealand, together with, tlie Countess of Glasgow and their family, will probably leave for Wellington early in March next. The personalty of the late Right Ron, W. H, Smith has been sworn at under £1,700.000. Mrs. Oahorae. the plaintiff in the recent libel action against Major and Mra. liar greaves, arising out of the Iosb of the latter's pearls, who was brought op at the Bow-street Police court last week on a charge of perjury, committed whiht giving evidence in the above . case, and remBnried, was igaia brought up to.day, and committed for trial on tbe charges of perjury and larceny. An extensive aisinoc in me Domoay ire. sidenoy,. having an area of 5,000 6quare miles, hu been officially declared to be io a state of famine, brought about by the deficient harvest. The famine is likely to have serious resolta, tbe'populatioB of tbe district affeoted mil?ions.g lieutenant colonel Jam&B Giant, who ex plored the sources of the Nile io 18603, is dead. The deceased was io his 65th year. The death is annoubced of the centenarian Sir Prevo William Parry Wallit, Senior Ad miral of the Fleet at the age of 101. Newa received from Sevres Btates that sn outbreak of fire has occurred at the celebrated poreolain factory in that town, and that three workshops were burned before tbft coutiagra tion was Bubdued. Nothing ot soy importance was burned. Two superb aiid valuable vases were At one time in danger of destruction, but were removed to a place of safety. A man named Molley died in Dudley Work house at the reputed age of 106, and a man named O'Neil iB reported to have died at. Limerick at exactly the simc age. At Liscard the marriage of a deaf and dumb conple took place, Upou a table lay an open prayer.book, and tbe clergyman pointed out necessary passages, tbe bride and bridgeroom making written affirmations and assents. A inner worth £10,000 died ot atarvatiou on Christmas Day. Hib legatee bas gone mad in consequence of coming into snoh unexpected wealth There is a proposal to construct a marble lake of 40 acres at Southend, to enable visitors to indulge in boating and other amusements ' on salt water at all hours oi the day. Tbe SydDey Government have leased pre mises for a labour bureau, and business has been commenced. Attempt made to take tbe celebrated divorce case Tyson r. Tyson homo to the Privy Council. ? Tbo members of.Sydney Tatt'e Club went on strike last Saturday, but eubseqnently agreed to ' cave in' and bet as the proprietary cluba demanded; ' At a marriage at Longford this week the bridegroom was 82, the bride 71, the beat man nearly SO, .and the bridemaid, 70. William Percy Sinsirl, charged with em bezzling a deposit of £1,011 in the Imperial Land and.ttnilnuig Co., has beea fouad guilty.- . In tbe Wagga district it ia calculated that ' the wheat yield will average Jlj bnshelsper Sir Henry Farkes lma received a letter.f rom Mr. J. A. Fronde, congratulating him upon his splendid efforts for tha annfederation of Australia. ' ; '. -. .- . . -. - . Oa Sunday morning the office of tho Wagga jESEfireo newspaper was completely gutted by ' Tbe debate on the second. reading of the Electoral Reform Bill was concluded in the . Legislative Council an Tuesday. On Ibe ' division being taken the bill waa defeated by Sfi votes to 21. 