 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Qer Majesty the Queen haB telegraphed to Hallam Tennyson the following messoge.— ' l am most truly and deeply grieved that a great poet and kind friend has left tbe world. He was ever so kind to me, and so fall .of sympathy. I feel so deeply for your dear mother.' The funeral of the late Lord Tennyson took place oa tbe 12th, the remains being interred iu Westminster Abbey, alongside the grave of Robert Browning. Tbe pall-bearers were the Marquis of Salisboiy (ex-Premier), Mr, W. E. Lecky (the historian), Lord Selboroe, Sir James Paget (the Queen's Sergeant-Surgeon), tbe Eatl of R'sebery (Secretary for Foreign Affairs), Professor J. A. Frouue, Lord Kelvin (Sir William Thomson), the Rev. Professor Benjamin Jowett, D.D. (Master of Balliol College, Oxford}, and - the Rev. Dr. H. M. Butler (Master of Trinity College, Cambridge). Mr. Gladstone declined to be present on tbe ground of his age. The survivors of tbe charge of the light Brigade also attended. Colonel Lockhart having failed to induce the flltWrk Mountain tribes to fulfil ( their eugagement to snrreuder Hosbim Ali, the ex«chief of the Hassaozais, or to expel him frjm their country a flying oolnmn of about 4000 troops ia now operating in that region to oust Haahim. The Indian forces have just oaptured an Important stronghold and it is believed that the campaign is at an end. General Crespo, commandant of the In* sorreotionary party in Venezuela, has Iufiicted another defeat npon tbe Governmeut forces at a place near Valencia. The State Ministers fell into the hands of tho insurgents, and 600 of the Government troops were killed. General Crespo has been proclaimed as Provisional President He has arrived at Caracas, the capital, where a publio welootne mras aeoorded to him, aod he. immediately suppressed the pillaging of the city which had I been begun by the mob upon the fall of the j temporary Government. | General Crespo, the insurgent leader in Venezuela, has occupied 'Caracas, the capital. The President and his Ministry have I abaudoned Venezuela. I A house tenanted by 40 free labourers at I Carnegie's Homestead Ironworks, Pittsburg, has been destroyed by dynamite. None of I the occupants was in the building at the time | of the outrage. | Captain -Lugard, leader of the Imperial British East Africa Company's expedition in Uganda, considers that commercial, political, and philanthropic interests require the re ft ntion of Uganda. ItB evacuation would increase slavery, and result in anarohy and the massacre of ProteBtant natives. The retention of the country wonld, in his opinion, be neither difficult nor expensive. Particulars are to hand of a great victory gained by the French troops over the Dahomans, in which 2000 of the latter were killed. The King of the Dabomey commanded 10,000 warriors, and the fighting was very fierce. The Amozone, who took a prominent part in the fight, exhibited great daring, and penetrated to to within 10 paces of the i' reach gnus, many of their number being killed. After having been oompletelv routed, tbe King's army tied northwards, leaving quanti ties of ammunition of German manufacture. The French are now marchiog upon Abomey, the oapital. Later intelligence in. regard to the insurrec tion in Venezuela is to tbe effvet that the mob is sacking Caracas and La Gusyra. Sailors have been landed at La Guayra from Foreign vessels ia the harbour to protect tbe residents. ' Creditors of the New Oriental Bank will be paid a dividend of about 4s in tbe £ about the m ddle of January. Tbe Dowager Duchess of Sutherland has heen refused admission to Tittensor Chase, one of the family residences, hy order of the new Duke of Sutherland, her stepson. It is contended by tbe Dowager Duchess that it was the last wish of the late Pnke that she should make that plaoe her permanent abode. Legal proceedings are expected. The skeletons of five human beings have been found in a cellar in Wbitechapel, London. The death is announced of the Very Bev. Edward Bickersteth, D» D., Dean of Lichfield, He was tbe author of a number of ecclesiastical publications. Beferingto thebalanco-sbeetof the Merean* tile Bank of Australia Mr. Stewart considers that tbe grouping of bills reoeivable witb other advances is misleading. Tbe total owed to uuseoured creditors in London is £1, 03G, 000, of which £993 000 consists of deposits. During the month of September the imports into Great Britain decreased £2, 600, 000, and tho exports decreased £l, 700, 000. Professor Pickering, of Harvard, tbe Ameri can astronomer, asserts that he has discovered 40 small lakes io the planet Mara. In an address delivered before the Church Congress at Folkestone. Dr. Moorbonso, formerly Biebop of Melbourne, implied that the proportion . of criminal convictions io Victoria was increasing owing to the want of religious education in the schools. Secular education, be said, had proved powerless to diminish the number of crimes, for the most serious crimes were committed by the best educated oriminala. He prayed that the rulers of tbe colony would turn their baoks upon the desolating seonlaT system which left. bo many moral wrecks in its t *ain. It is alleged thpt ll 400 of the funds of the English Seamen's and Firemen's * Union has been embezzled, and that at tbe head office £11, 000 has been spent in salaries, while only £2000 -has been devoted to the relief of ship wrecked members and the payment' of. sick ness and death claims. It is reported that the Marquis of Bipon baa Informed . the - Anti'Slavcry Booietyr* de putation, whioh protested iagaiust the hpuaka labour immigration into Queensland, ' thst in h|s opinion the safeguard^- -provided^ by the Queensland , Government are ? sufficient ? to prevent abuses. It iB expected that. Mr. Algernon Charles Sfvinburae will be the ooxt poet Laureate. , .There, is a j growing agitation iu France against the protective tariff/ ospocjally as it k affects wool. *♦ . ' Despite recent legislation permitting such marriages, the Bishop os Capetojvn has for bidden the clergyftof his diooese to celebrate marriage with a deseased wife's sister. Afznl has seized the throne of hiB late father, the Mehtrr of Cbitral, ruler of a native ' Indian State on the northwestern frontier, almost at the base of the Pamir Plateau, Afzul declares himself a friend of England* Consequent on the unfavourable reports of the harvest the price of English wheat is Is dearer per quarter, and foreign wheat is fid dearer. A duke, who is a member of the National Snorting Club of England, has offered a purse of £3000 for a ma ton between Jackson and Corbett. , The Bev, Thomas Spnrgeon baa preaohed his farewell sermon at the Metropolitan Tabernacle. There was an affecting sosns. many of the congregation crying out MGod bless yon I' and 'Return again.' In London companies areEbelng formed to introduce into Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand, the Danish milling machine of ^eens patent. Sir Henry Agle, has been appointed com mander of H. M. 8. Rapid, one of the vessels on the Australian station, . The Financial JKetot, commenting on the recent Judgment of the Fnll Court in Bris. bane on tbe Queensland Investment and Tat'* Mortgage Company's case, states that the decision of the court is very welcome, as it removes a serious stigma from leading politicises of the ouiony It is asserted that Russia, by means of the subterfuge oltt commercial treaty, is seeking privately to induce the Porte to allow the free passage through tbe Dardanelles of Russian warships flying the commercial flag, while tbe Straits are to be kept closed to the vessels of all other Powers. The mattet bis, however, come under the notice of tbe- Britinh Government, who demand an equivalent concession to British vessels in the event of , the proposed arrangement with Hussia beiug earned out. It is repcited at Berlin thst the tone adopt ed by Lord Rtsebery, Secretary of State for Foreign Affrirs, with reference to the Russian occupation of the Pamirs is so mild that the Russian Government do not believe that Great Britain has any intention of intervening in tbe matter. The Royal Commission recently announoed has now been appointed by Mr. John Moriey to report promptly as to the most effectual measures for dealing with the question of the evicted tenants in Ireland. Mr, Justioe Mathew is the chairman of the commission, but the other members are little known, and. tbe landlords are entirely unrepresented. Lord Onslow, the late Governor of. New Zealand, has been interviewed by a represent*, ative of the Pall Mall Gazette on the subjeot. of General Booth's Salvation oniony. Lord Onslow considers that New Zealand is the best country for tbe proposed Salvation colony, as the village settlement and homestead la w are favourable to sneh an undertaking. The Melbourne and Metropolitan Board ot' Works loan of £1,000,000 has been subscribed twice over, Information has been received that tbe. Peninsular and Oriental Steamship Company's Bokhars, which was supposed to have louhd ered during a typhoon while on the voyage ' from Shanghai to Hongkong, was swamped on a sand island in the Pescadores group, off tbe island of Formosa. The commander of the steamer and a majority of tbe officers and crew were drowned, in all 12 persons were drowned. It is reported that General Li Hung Chang, Prime Minister of tbe Chinese Empire, baa. become insane. - A telegram from Zanzibar states thst the Waheis tribe have rebelled In the district of Usugara, East Africa, aud have killed the German Governor aod bis officers and massacred a number of Arab traders. They threaten to attack the German tradlog stations. At tbe usual fortnightly meeting of the Irish National Federation, Mr, .John Dillon, M.P. for East Mayo, referring to the evicted tenants, said the worst of the clouds bad passed, and the granting of on impartial com* mission waBone of the beat services that the British Government had reudered to the evicted tenant. Personally, be was convinced that the tenants bad a just claim, and he was sure that they would be reinstated. Tbe THtr&tttaa Gazette, a Russian organ in Central Asia, states that Colonel Young* husband has surrendered territory io the Pamirs which will carry tbe Russiaa frontier 100 miles further eouth. Tbe Salford Municipal Council have offered' to advanoe £1,000,000 to the directors of the Manchester Canal Company on oondition of their being granted membership on the direotorate. At a meeting of shareholders of the Gympie Great Eastern Gold Mining Company, the ohairman stated that the report showed a balance of £20,000. It was suggested to fiurch&Be another mine ou the advic* o' tbeir ocal manager. The proposal was agreed to. Mrs. Harrison, wife of the President of the United States, who has beeu euionsly ill for some time past, 1b reported to be dying from consumption. Mr. R. L. Stevenson, in a letter to the Timet complains that M. Oedarorante, the Chief Justice of samoa, is interfering with the jurisdiction of tbe looal magistrates, aod be further declares that the German officials at Apia are unfit for their duties. In reply to a deputation from the Woman hood Suffrage League, Sir George Dibha stated that personally he would not have . given women a vote, but he promised to submit to the Cabinet tbe question of insert ing a claose in tbe Electoral Bill giving women equal political rights with meu. The proposed new union at Broken flill has been abandoned, the mine directors having refused to reoognise tbe union manifesto Or those who issued it. The Attorney-General has derided that the case sgoinst Abigail, M'Nsmara, Salts n, aud Twist in connection witb alleged Australian Banking Company frauds shall be proceeded with. The oase will be oommenced next Mon day at Darlinghurst. The Fnnded Stock Ml provides for a currency of 30 yesrs, but after that time it will be optional with the Governmeut to re deem or lepurohase stock, upon giving twelve month's notice. The associated ooal proprietors are to con sider tbe abvissbleoess of permitting eaob oollierv to sell its ooal at Buen prioe as it.may deem fit instead of a fixed price as at preseat. John Soott, one of bis discharged accused in connection with the Australian Backing Company, was yesterday presented with a gold watoh by his employees. A splendid seam of bright black owl, 4ft, Gin. tniok, has been discovered in tbe Korum bnrrs district, Victoria. In New Zealand, the Electoral BQl has been abandoned, the two branobes of the ^Legisla ture having failed to agree. - t Two trimmers, named John Ford and Oscar Petersen, were killed bo Monday night by falling down the hold of £he steamer Barrier . at Newcastle.. 1 Tbe -jNew South Wales collection of ferns for the Ohibago Exhibition was -landed in San . Francls'oo In exoeUent ^condition, and attracted muob attention, On Wednesday the Public Works .Qotnroittea initiated an inquiry ^concerning' the proposed water supply ?for Tem worth. Tbe oost of the scheme is £22, 600.' : , V ^ v ' -r- '.y lie consequence of the refusal of themaaageV moot toieinsLule ^dismissed employee, tho eugiuemeu the West Waljseud colliery hiv* struck work, and laid the miue idle, A, 