 LONDON AND SYDNEY. | DAY BY DAY. Outrages hy Moonlighters are being re newed iu County Kerry, Ireland. ' The cholera epidemic still prevails in van* ous parts of Europe, aod there h&B been » sodden increase in the disease in Bessarabia, and also at Rieff and Baku, in Bussis, Cases still occur in various other places, aod four deaths were reported -esterdayat Bo&kirk, in France, and a similar number at buda Pending the repeal of the M'Kinley Act, | the American D-mocratic press urges tbe | Senate to pass bills removing all duties 00 wool aod other raw materials embraced ia the bills approved by the Bouse of Representatives last Bession. Tbe preea also urges that Con* gress be convened in April next to eoasider the question of tariff reform. The United States Senate will be composed of 44 Democrats, 44 Republicans, and four Senators representing the Farmers' Alliance. The total number of votes polled by Mr. Grover OJeroJand is 430,000 in excess of the uomber recorded for Present Harrison. The anarchists tbri-aleu to commit further outrages in Paris in order to avenge the ex ecution of Ravacboi. Au impression prevails in Dublin that tbe Evicted Irish Tenants' Commission will speedily collapBe. Tbe Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the condition of the evicted tenants is Ireland is only half occupied. One or two tenants attend d «Uy as witnesses, but beyood this not much evidence is taken, and the Com mission is apparently ' fizzling out.' Feuianiem is ranipaot in Cork. No attempt ia made to conceal the fact. The French cable company has derided to proceed with tbe laying of a cable between Queensland and New Caledonia, regardless of whether the French Chamber votes the pro Eo el subvention of £8000 or not. It is, owever, expected that the amount will he voted by tbe Chamber of Deputies about the middle of December. ? Surprise is expressed in London that New South Waies aud Queensland should have agreed to contribute the sum of £4000, as tbe enterprise is purely a French one, and will prevent the construction of any future Pacific cable save by the French. The Paris Gov ernment, too. professes ignorance of' any ex* tension beyond Nonmea. Another meeting of the London unemployed was held on Tower Hill on Friday, and scenes of great disorder took plnoe. A strong foroe of police several timvs charged the mob, and in the rnsh which ensued many persons were thrown down and trampled under foot. Mr. White, a labour leader, declared that London would unexpectedly witness the spectacle of a midnight march of tbe unemployed, a&d then there was no saying what might happen, bat in any case be was sure the noempjoyed woatd very soon have a nice lively time. The speaker was cheered, Sir Henry Parkes's book of persons! remini scenes has just been published by Messrs, Longmans. The book, which covers the eo» tire oareer of the New South Wales statesman, is somewhat disappointing, as it » too local io its character to interest English readers. It is also written in too &-ach ef a pe»*nnal aud partisan spirit, upd is padded with speeches, reports of banquets and despatches. Tbe officers of H.M.S. Warspite, flagship on the Pacific station, have beeu tried by court-martial in cmuecJjon with tbe recent grounding of the vessel while entering the harbour of J£squima»lt. Vancouver's Islnnd. They were accuittod ,ou the principal charge, but were reprimanded for minor carelessness. News has been received from America that a disastrous tornada has swept over portious of the States of IliinuU and Misiouri. A large number of persons were killed, and a great amount of damage done. Lord Herschell, Lord High Chancellor, has appointed a working man as a magistrate at Dudley, This ie tbe seoond similar appoint* ment made within a week. The Pope hes consented to grant a dispens. ation for the marriage of Prince Ferdinand, Crowu Priucu of Koumania, and Princess Mario, 'of tfidiuburgh, on tbe coudition that all the children of tbe marriage are to be brought np as Catholics. During tho eviction of a farmer at Kanturk, County Cork, a desparate fight occurred, and tho inmates of the premises showered boiling water, hot irons, aud live coals upon tbe bailiff and tho police. Mr. Sydney Webb, io giving evidenoe before tbe Labour Commission, declared that the fundamental prosperity of the Australian colonies was due to the high standard of life among the people there, and the fhorteoiog of the hourts of labour was partially the cause of that high standard. He asserted that the wages paid iu* Victoria at the present time ware relatively higher than in 1856, notwith standing that the eight hours' day had been adoptecL An impression prevails that Count D'Aubigny* the Freuch Minister in Morocco, is persisting in urging upon the Sultan proposals of serious political importance. The statement that Baroness James Roths child had joined tho Roman Catholic Church is now deuied. Sir Julius Vogel has been appointed manager in Loudon of tbe New York Life Assurance Company. Mr. P. Schnadhorst the head of tbe Liberal political 'loochine,' is about to visit tho colonies. It is reported that Colonel Dodda, com mander of the French expedition in Dahomey, has coucloded peace with the native King Behauzin. Information has been received that Baron Reinach, one of tbe late directors of the Paoama Canal Company, when iuformed of the decision of the French Government to prosecute the late directors or administrative council, became very much excited and short ly afterwards he died. Bis death was due to apoplexy. Tbe Standard in reviewing tbe book just published by Sir Henry Parkes, says that it is dieappoiuting, and readers on this side of the world would have beeu more grateful for glimpses of a society which is now fast re ceeding. end of people wbom Sir Henry better than anybody else could have graphic ally sketched, rather than the warmed up accounts of. election contests and similar ephemeral literature of which tho book mainly consists. It is reported that peace has now been de clared between France and Oahomey. Tho French aothonties are expelling the Germans from their territories in Kasb Africa. Mr. Waite, the labour leader, has organised a no-rent campsigu among the unemployed in London. A British-Indian expedition is about to pro ceed to Ciiiirs), asemi-indepesdent State near the northern frontier of India, as the position of affairs there is causing some uneasiness. The proprietors of most of the cotton jnUls in Lsneashtresad 'the adjoiatag coanties have agreed to work their mills half-time, in order; to prevent the operatives-earning sufficient to. ] beln those looked out. ' j The liquidator of the New Oriental Banking I .Corporation expects to pay a dividend of As £n January next. , a ? A windiu^-hp order has been Issued in Loodpo against vthe jttuglishi aud Australian Mortgage Jiaok/bnt tbe ^odge inst.moted the official -receiver to ;take no -steps without leave of the Court, 'ewiog to liquidation proceedings 'in Australia. '1 v j-./lf ?? - ?????-:-? Twelve rtourists bave -t-eea- drowned while attempting to laud at 'Jaffa, in Palestine,' the; boat iu .whioh they '.were approaching the coast having been upset iu. the .surL Mr*W E. Baxter, the coroner for East London, has expressed his surprise that tbe unemployed do not prooeed to 'Australia, where he says it is impossible to starve. Tbe committee of tbe Imperial Federation League has unanimously advised that when Australasia and South Africa become each united nnder one Government, like that of Canada, their l/mdon representatives be appointed members of the Imperial Couuoil, which would include a Prune Minister and Secretaries of State for Foreign Affairs, War, Colonies, India, Admiralty, and the Exchequer. The Couucil would deal with the question of Imperial defenoe on tbe liues of tbe Duke of Devonshire's Commission,, and would super* vke the' Appropriation of money contributed for tbe defence of the Empire by the United Kingdom and the oolouies. The committee believes that the colonies would be willing to share in the ooBt of the general defenee of the Empire if they were given a share in the ooo* trol of the expenditure. The United States cruiser Banger hss been ordered to Apia, Samoa, in consequenoe of tbe uoeasiuess prevailing there: The London Standard states that tbe Brit* ish Cabinet bas decided that Englaod shall remain in Uganda. The cost of administer' ing tho territory will amount to between £30,000 aud £40,000 a year. The Chronicle states that a oommiiisioner to make inquiry is to be despatched before the Government onme to any decision. . Owing to tbe advance of 1000 Chinese, the Russian camp on tbe Pamir, numbering 150 men, is beiog reinforoed. Tbe Emperor Francis Joseph bas consented to civil marriage in Hungary being made obli gatory. A trial has been made with Mannlicher's new automatic rifle. It fires 120 rounds per minnte. A new company baa been formed in London to absorb the Australian Wine Importers' Company, Tbe debate iu the French Chamber of De putiea on Monday produced a sceue, The ac hate had not proceeded far when M. De 1* Haye accused no fewer than 150 members of the Chamber with having received £116,00(1 in bribes for the purpose of furthering the planB of tbe administrative council of the company. (' Name') A vote of the House inquiry oould be made for obtaining tbe uames pi the mem bers to whom be referred. Continuing his ohargeB he deoiared that the acaudala whioh had arisen over the Pauama Canal were the worat. known in the parliamentary history of France, and he darid to Bay that with £250,000 be could bay tbe conscience of both the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies. When blackmail was refused by the admini strative council of the company, tbe mem)-ers he bad already alluded to formed a eyndioate and 'beared' tbe shares of the Pauama Canal Company. . M. L&unay next addressed the Chamber. He not ouly confirmed the allegations which M. De la Haye had made, but added that he had for two years known that the Haute Banque and Credit Lvonnaise were implicated in the scandals, aud had charged 85 per cent iuterest for money advanced by them, M. Floquet, tbe late Premier, declared that he was re-idy to answer the charges bo fai as tbey referred to the Ministry whi;h he had the honour of leading. The motion for the appoiutment of a com. mittfee of inquiry waa then pni* and carried by a majority ol 68 votes, Duriug the heat of the debate three challenges to fight a duel were made, but wiser coudbcIs bave aiuce prevailed, and the duels have been averted. Tbe tenders for tbe West Australian loan of £400.000 at par, beariug interest at 4 per cont, were opened on Wednesday. The total amount subscribed is £780,000. The Timet of Wednesday denies the report that tbe (jladetoue Cabiuet have decided to retain pobsessiou of Uganda, in Central Africa. Mr. Grover Clevclaud, Pierident-eluct of. the United States, aays that £36,000,000 will be the appropriation next year for peusious alone, lie therefore enjoins tho exercise of economy in that direction. It has been arranged that the N.S. W. Trea surer shall make bis financial statement during the firut week ia December. Last Saturday night the Bendigo Miners' Association voted £300 iu aid of the broken Hill tuinerB1 iuud. Numerous iuquiries are being wade with regard to tho issue of fuuded Block. Mr, G. J. Goschen, lately private secretary to the Governor, left Sydney on Monday ou his return to London. The oil painting of the meeting betweeo King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba, by Edward J. Poyuter, R.A.,.has beeu placed in tbe British Court of the Art Gallery in tho Domain. Au amendment to tbe Vines Diseases Act ia being prepared by the Govcrumeot. Pro* , vision will be made for a central board, and there will be boards for the various vine grjw* ing districts, Mr. Suttor has approved of the whole of the metropolitan school cadets going into camp at Middle Head this year. During the con tiousBce if the encampment 3000 cadets will receive instruction, Un tbe lith the Governor formally opened M. J. Ireland's Rosebud Creamery at New castle. A banquet was held to signalise the starting of this new industry, aod Sir G. R. Dibbs aod Mr. T, M. Slattery were among the guests. It is uuderstood that instructions have been given by the Postmaster General to the Agent-General to sign the agreement provid ing for the increase of tbe cable rates from. 4s to 4s 9d per word. On Monday tbe Minister for works acoepted 0 a number of tenders, one of which was for the manufacture and supply in the colony of steel and iron work for tbe bridge over tbe Murray River at Tooumwal for £16,226. At tbe Quarter Sessions last week Vv illiam Edgar Uaiold Phillips, manager of the Austi si Banking a&d Fund Proprietary, was sentenced to four years' penal servitude for having falsely pretended that tho company had a board uf reference consisting of certain well-known oitizens. The new arrangements in the working hours of the railway employees, .by whioh tbe men will work eight hours less per week and re ceive a proportionate reduction in their wages, came into operation at the Redfera and Eveleigh workshops on Monday, The six calvcs which were iaoculated a few days ago' at Teuterficld with 'deadly' viius, ana which, it was predicted, would succumb withiu GO hours, show 00 evil effects of the -- experiment. Dr. Loir and the officers of the department are at a loss to sfaouht for this peculiar state of things. - Makiu and his witc, the persons under ar- rest ou sospici-in of being tbe baby farmers, originally came fr«ui WiiUottgoag.. His father was the agent in that town lor many* yeais of the L £. N. Company, and was respected by all tbe people,- ;fie -died some time ago. Makiu is 50 years of ago,' and his wife 46. Thomas* Walker,- M. ¥.\-b&--been served with a writ for £2000 damages io copnebtiou with tht) Rev. Laaerou's shubting case. . The -reraarkable will oasS, 'flay1versus the Curator of Intestate Estate^ 'was ofartiudedou - Friday, It appears the wjlpofibe'jate Mrs, ' Cowell/wbo Jelt property ^monoting-to x-ver ? £16,000, was .found by the servant, Alios % Maidmeutr.whostat^.^ha.taBatr^l^ppesred ... to^ber iua dream, land direoteiJJferwhere to ' find^tbeWiJlrwhloh^waslnddenlnsa'^secret drawer of an jesoretoite. The. . jndge aaid there ^ were ^OertaJoVsnspidods Vcircutn stances iohnut the ^se]^ac1uding'ilie angel{c direct- ^onsi hutthe wltnessBa tb the^riU^iad signed tbs same io' eftlbV^er*a^«ssnoe, and their . . evidonoe had uot been^Sb'akeD.' therefore granted probate of the vrill to Ray, 