 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. It has transpired that legacies amounting to £750,000 are due to Queen Viotoria and ner daughters from the proceeds of the Gudph Fund, which has been returned to the Duke of Cumberland. President Harrison has increased the duties on sugar and hides from Columbia, Hayti, and Venezuela, those countries having refused to reciprocate With the United States under the M'Kinley tariff. * President Carnot has agreed to the addition to the French penal code of .a clause making the destruction of property by means - of ex plosives a capital offence. sur. ratncK u linen, JH.F. for Monaghan, has introduced a bill into the House of Com mons to remove the disabilities oi Roman Catholics. The coal miners strike has resulted iu the stoppage of many factoriea. In consequence of the shortage of coul, the North-Eastern fiailway Company is t&k'.ug 200 trains off. The Miners' Federation has refused to per mit the men on strike to pump the mince, and it is feared that-many collieries will bo flooded ont It ia reported that in the event of Lord Salisbury 'refusing to extend the period of tho modv* vivendi between Great Britain snd the United States, the fleet of the latter Power will blockade Behring Sea ; and to this end war ships are being got ready for service, it iB in tended to refuse all sealing vesRels entrance into those waters, A Anadian journal, tbe Ottawa Fret Press declares that the people of America would never sanction a war with Great Britain on account of the Bebring's Sea question. It is reported at Washington that Lord Salisbury will concede an extension of the modv$ vivendi in regard to the Bebring's Sea question on oondition that President Har rison agrees to the payment by the United States Government of the damages hereafter awarded against sealers. The honse of the Judge who tried the Paris Anarchiats has been wrecked by dynamite. Two persons were injured, and damaqe to the property to the extent of 20,000f. was caused. The weather is very severe throughout Eng land, and snowstorms are reported to have occurred in several parts of the country. Maitland Francis Morland, on unofficial tutor at Oxford, who was committed for trial on a charge of haviug attempted to obtain money by blaokmril from Lord Hotfafield (Henry James Tufton), and also with having levied blackmail on the Earl of Chesterfield, the Earl of Carnarvon, the Earl of Ayleaford, Earl Ruasel], Lord Ormathwaite, aod Lord Clifton (the eldest son of tbe Earl of Darnley), was convicted and eentenoed to 10 years penal servitude. Mrs. Gordon Batllis, who some years ago was sentenced to a term of imprisonment for fraud, has been liberated. A Britiah column in Assam has been attacked by the Chin-Lashai Hill tribea. After a series of engagements the assailants were repulsed with heavy loss. In July next the bill for the restriction of bunday work on shipping at Siugapore will come into force. In Germany the distress arising out of the prevailing depression, and the laok of employ* ment, ia extending over a wide area. The bill introduced into the House of Ixirds by Lord Kontsford for validating io Great Britain probates and letters of administration granted io colonial courts has bet-n read the seoond time. It is announced that President Harrison, contemplates issuing a notice of the intention of the United States to adopt retaliatory measures against those countries refusing to accept reciprocity with America under the M*KinieyAct. .The PaU Mall Oazeltc of tho iltb ir. slant, poblished an inti-rview wiih its: Sj .-i. y re presentative had with Sir Henry i'srkes, who expressed the opinion that within tlitv* yenrf federation would be accomplished 'uc x Premier denounced Mr. Barton's t./r.- :iir»ry ir relation to federation, and feci:- -i Justice Lilley's proposal lo facihta:- -? - tion of independence. A sergeant of Engineers n&med }--.]-.. '. u been arrested at Manchester on * :? -?' havingiaold to France the plans ot th*. do: cure? of Malta. Foot-and-mouth disease is spre&diup among the cattle of England, Scotland, and . It is stated that the Caoariian -»r-t-Mn.-meut intends to make a substantial reductin'- in the tariff upon imports from Great BriUin. The Czar induced his sister, the Dujiit-t.s ct Edinburgh, to break off tbe matrimnuiai en gagement entered into between ner d&ugbter and Prince Ferdinand,, tbe Roumanian Crown Prinoe. The little Queen of Holland has uc Kuglish governess, who recently set her to draw a map of Europe as a punishment for some misbe haviour on her part. The Jittle Queen had her revenge on her English instruct! eee by making tbe British Isles appear on tbe map* only about half the size of the Netherlands. Astronomers are excited over the discovery - of a new star of the fifth magnitude iu the Milkyt Way. Dr. NanBen,' the Norwegian explorer, who purposes making an attempt to reach tbe North Pole next year, has arrived in England to appeal for funds. He is to be accompanied by a dozen men, who will sail in a speoially cODstruoted vessel, and a balloon will form part of the equipment The Foula Islanders are said to be starving. A message to this effect was brought by means of a bottle which drifted to the Scotuh coast. Owing to the storm v weather no vessel baa. been able to approach this remote isle for weeks, and when the bottl- was committed ta tho deep the stock of provisions was almost exhausted. Foula, whiob is in tbe 8betland group, contains a population of 230. Mr. Samson Wertbeimer, who reoently died was a Bond-street dealer io bric-a-brao, who. came to London a penniless Polish Jew, and became'a millionaire,' tbougb'he oobld neither readmor.write.r , 4 . . Additional water trains are being run to Brokeo Hill, hut the household demand far exceeds the additional supply. Mr. W. H. Moulton, of Newcastle, has been provisionally appointed Vice-Consul (or Hawaii, in the place of the late Mr. Henry Stokes, The Right Bev. Mesac Thomas, D.D., Anglioan Bishop of Goilbura, died at Bishop tborpe early on Wednesday morning the 16th. During last week the Sooth Bulli aori Bcllambi collieries -worked 100 hoora and shipped 7000 tons of coal At the Cabinet meeting on the 11th tbe re duction of the military vote. by £50,000 was., considered. -It , was decided to abandon the. OBuarEaster'enpampmeut1 ' - ,'r. The Queensland -Government has accepted the tender tof Ljsaght and Co., of Sydney, for ibe supply of 400 miles ot rabbit nottiug, at a -: ooastcf sE20,000. ' The Colonial Treasurer intends to caus* necessary steps to be;, takbn to tenninate-.th* oontract between the New Soath YTyiop Oo vernmeutaudthe A.U.S.N. Cojr.p*trv fur . ' ' conveyance of mails to tbe New ii rtbrnios. Duriog the period intervening tbt ' date of tbe paanng of: the Cout;li!r^QX..'A,J'j and the end of last year, 'this colon? .pud ' ont of &ie oonsoJidaMft rcv^ne', £7.t SiforpeDBionsandgratntMcs, Inoona^ue:ni»flf the'j^uwfcn'-'iri tha im migration .vote; Mr. pibVah(^f«enfcB-csi-};gTtiit to the Ageot-Goneral annouDoiiig tUt ad Parliament has p ractioapy .decided -ceasc all immigrating no inducements will -be offered tu . icteudingiminigiants, 