 LONDON AND SYDNEY, BAT BY DAY. Mr. Lawes, ao authority on grain, estimates that England will require to import from 22,000,000 to 23,000,000 quarters of what this eeaaon. The Pali MallQazetu recommends the ap pointment of Major.General JSdwards as tne soooessor of Sir .Robert Hamilton ia the Governorship of Tasnumt. - It ii reported that * new conipany for handling Australian wiqh is about to. be formed in London. ''? ? '? ' Tvf o hundred Btnogglem made an atfaek on the garriBonat Tarifa, on the Spanish Coait, 16 miles from Gibraltar. They carried off eight carabineers, and Backed and burnt the station. Frinoe Woholas, of Montenegro. 1b suffering from an sffeotiuu of tbe bead. ' His subjects hive requested the Cur of Rurata to meet the emergency. A crimo similar to the Deeming murders has boeu brought to light ia Oluham, ia Lancashire, tho body of a woman having been louzul buried in qaicklime under the kitchen. The husband of the deceased woman has been arrested, ? Iu Warsaw, the capital ot Poland, scores of perBOOB bare been arrested for circulating doctrines hold to be subversive of tho Govern ment. The prisoners are being deported to Siberia. ' : A fcemi.ofScial note has been isaned in Berlin aunouuoing th&t the German Army Bill, in creasing tlie strength of thearmy, has been in troduced into the fieicbsi.&g as a counterpoise to tho armies of France ana Russia. Lord Corriogtoa is natntid as tbe probable successor of the MalqniB ol Lanadowne'as Viceroy of India. On his return to Australia Dr. Usher will bear credentials from tuc Pastenr Institute to Dr. Loir, in Sydney, .authorising him to use the vbecino trestmeot in Australia. ' Replying to the deputation from the Anti. Slavery Hocicty which waited upon him with reference to the difficulty in Uganda, ;Lord Eosebery said that Great Britain would not break the continuity of her policv against slavery. The London Financial Jf/f?et cttmtnBnile Sir George. Bibbs for the issue of X10 debentures, a&d urges Kogl&ad to develop the idea. A millowner.at Bradford, in Yorkshire, has offered to supply the local aoaitiists with the means to work a mill on Socialist lines, but the offer has been declined. By the changes to be sanctioned nnd&r the now Army Bill, the German mUt&ry forces of all arms will be r&iseu to a war strength of 4,400,000 men. The strength of the array on a peace footing is to be increased by 84,000 men. The redaction to two years' service has bun generally conceded, Mrs. Harrison, wife of the President of the United States, ledeod. It is reported that the Imperial troops are to he entirely witbttratrti from North America. The report is cnuBing a sensation in Canada. Russia demands the free passage of the Dar danelles for vesselB carrying war material for the Black Sea ports. General Booth urgently appeals for XG0.000 to be subscribed in November, for the carry ing out of tbe ' Darkeit England ' scheme. The friends of Sir William Yernon Harconrt, Chancellor of the Exchequer, tear that his affection of the eyes may develop into early blindness. Princess Louise dislikes so much having bar dresses fitted that sbe bas made a papier mache model of herself, with inoveable ft'ins, co which all her garments cha be tried. Tke model is coveted by the beads of tbe Women's Exhibition «t Chicago, to which the Piinocss 1b sending a bust oi the Queen and. some pictures, The German Empress has given birth to a daughter. Her six other children are boys. Mrs. Gladstone ii aa yonng as her husbsad. Although she is 80 she ban never yet:knbwn what it was to need spectacles, and her eyss arc aV bright as those of a yoiiug girl. Sir Andrew Clark snys she ongbt to he called the Grand-Old Woman. ? . ?' - Mr.. JBdwsrd .Lloyd, tho popular English tenor, declined a, most tempting offer to sing in Chicago dnrisb'tha Exhibition. Sister Emina Durham has given £200, the whole of tha money received by her for pro fessional service! to Lord Tennyson, to the Juntos S. Morgan Benevolent Fund (or the sole use of the poorer nursea, . in the com memoration of tha Foet- Laureate's eighty-third birlhdcy. ' ' ' A monkey and a tnake have been lighting at SasgurVCinms at Lvton. ?'? Ab all effort* to part ihsm fulled, 'the keeper -killed .the snske to-aave the monkey, r ? ? .' -. 'i .' ?' A distriot surveyor fir LaraUert ?ud Cam-.; berwsll , vw ftponsedL of travelling' by the London and Sooth-We»tom Railway for '6 yeaturiilwot a ticket. ,'?... . ? ?',., An anunng incident, occetred at Chester recently. A. porformaooe ? at ' the ,Koyal(y Theatre was anneonoed m under the patron ?ge of Mr. »od Un. Gladstone, joi, crowds of people assembled to rive .thm greeting.' Among others, two onthoBiastic ? Welshmen, one of whom wm the winner df the bardio. chair at the Bhvl EUteddfod, joorneyed from' llhyl with the trophy in o:der that the O. O. M. might sit iu it. . Although the theatre m crowded, (he clmir VM (/laci-d in tho dnsis circle to »woit liis orriv*J..--'Celortun»Wj he did not turn np, and, »ftor.,-a -weary wait the heavy pieoe of. furniture .ba,d-t» be taken back toRhyL, .'..?:???, -X !?,:??:*?.?: ?'? ? A registration bill ia expected -*-be among tlie measures of tbe rooming PsrUameotary sessiqu. ',..- ; . ? .,.?,.?.--:?- Tbe Eon. Harold Finob-Httton was inter viewed to-d&y «n thei&ofojeot'-'of Queensland separation, in view of. -the. reieotion of tbe Constitution Bill by theiUegiiloiive Council of that colony. Mr. PmeH-Hatfod declared that the time had orrivod when thft'linperial Gov ernment murt iatroduoe !- bili;forrtlo division uf vhs ooluny, and. doleg»ti!(.-.)from' Korth Queenslaud wonld shortly ;-nre»a 'the matter nuon the Government.-. Itte pmjnndersnoe ot , Southern members in 'the QuMnshuid Parlia meat, he said, would ahM$apnveat the pass ing of a Separation Bill. . . . - ,-t.i News has been recoited of » most diautrons fire at Milwaukee, the principal-city of the State of Wisconsin, situated on .tbe western shore of Lake Michigan, ninety tailes from Chioago, . . . .; .?? iiM.' The Bro originated in a , -liqbofstbre. and as a hurricane was blowlng*t'tne'«ime the (lames spread with ' tremendous^ rapidity, aod al though the firemen ueedrdynMnite freely in order to prevent the fire extending, 600 houses, besides the city gteworks and & number ot Hooks of business premises were bnrnt down. Tbe damage is estimated at 26,000,000 dols. The Eight Hon, .lo«cpli'Cl»mberuun, in ao article published in the 'Kineteunth Con tnry' adveroatea tbe !lagal wifprecmeot of shorter houn for miners and otbera .engaged in dangerouB and srwaaUy'lafe^rata oocapa. tiona. He is also in -favour .,«f ihe lool en. foi-oenie&t of earlier ,clpeiojf-*-u*f4Eaops, the creation of tribunals ,pf arbitnUnb to deal with trade d.tapdtes,'. 'lie .estttiliajijineot of oM age pensions tor 4hb deurTisgpW.uieUiniU tion and control of ' pauper Immlnvitfon, the better housing of workmen, stbrViiion on tha part of. tha local councils in ! toe* direction of giving facilities to worker».tc'^eoome the owners of tleir dwellings. BVklKr'eonaiden that ^tnployerB should i be conrjpe)led to rive coropentttion for injuries BtutaSsei' by tbeir workmen. ' ?''.'* King Mwanga, of Uganda, in Central Africa, lias written to her Majesty the Quoth, his letter being dated about the middle of Jnoe last, earnestly -. urging that Gr^at Britain should retain possession of OffaOda.' ** The revenue of the ce!ebr»t«'d Bsmbling establishment lit Monto Carlo for last year amounted to £920,000, yielding 'a profit ot X4J0.O00. Prince Bismarck Is strongly tbpposinff tbe new German Army Bill, especially, with re gard to toe reduction of the 'term of active service three to two yean, -'; ; 1 ? The Financial Ncwi, _in an article states tbat unless tbe Government *'df;. Westers AujtraUi speedily recognise tbecrorfininstioe of their tre.tment of the MidIaml'Kail»p»y Company the colony will probably never ob tain a Joan in BcgUud. again. , Tbe irticie further upreeses t regret tUt.ii; »honld be necessary to inform ao Aiistnluuj o-j)otiy that honesty is the best policy. ' ' ? \.J The Eanumitt this morning contains an article on tbo construction pT.,r*ilivayB by means of Und grants, in wtiloh'lt is stated that tno Australian ayite'm of landgrant rail wtyi Is a most costly ops: The article ap proves of the oondition in the Queen'tUn'd con tracts requiring the oonstruotiug company to enter upota an .hnmediato posfisa^icfAof tbe land. ' .,'.. . ri' The Emperor William oi Oermlmy. Attended the derlioation ooremonies of a -church at Wittenberg, famous for He -eotinocBpn with Luther and the Kcformation. Tna-JSmperor drank out of Luther's cup, and in his address expressed a hope that the German Empiro would always remain trne tb' Protestantism. Edward Livertnarsn, a journalist, ii now being tried at San Fransisai, lot'*' murder alleged to havu boon cummjttaist 9asto Rosa. The services uf ao expert -warc'Atailea of and .the defendent was . hypDottiBiioV^lBQ court being astounded when the ilrismer He-noted the crime. For the defence ,it;»:-UI«ed that the crime was committed white vbi«srms-reh was in ft hypnotised condition.: -??! *??? M. Mai Boule, a Frenoh traveller,' who has just returned to Paris from a tour, w%ioh has included a visit to Australia, describes the people of Melbourne as light, frivolo'na, and pleasure-loving. He does uot ttiink that they are destined for apy futnre greattmssrhut he predicts that Australia will Boon be a separate nation with Melbourne as ita capital; The total yield o£ this year's' A.n-eriasn cotton crop is stated to have been 9,038,707 bales. . ? ? -?; Mr. Listerand biB eon faave deoidod io start ?» textile bnimesi, of tbe kind with' which their mates have so long been connected in Yorkshire,' in Jamestoun, » otty 'of I8.O0O inhabitants, in new York State.' This is direotly due to the M'Kinley Tariffl Act, wnuh ss dealt tuoh a fatal blow to English woollen manufactures. A live duBkey petrel was fonpdnt ShefSeld in a Sail truck. It is believed to. b« tho only meiSroen in Engliud. A bair and library are to bo built at Kirkoaldy in memory of Adam Smith ; X8500 .have been subscribed. The aentonoes on the Broken Bill prisoners were as follow :— Slealh - aud Ferguson two years each, Folkinghorn mi Hewitt 16 months eaoh, Herborto cine mouths, and Bennett three months— all with hard labour. The railway traffic from Sydney to Mel bourne for the V.R.C. spring meeting this year shows a decrease of fully 30 per cent on the returns of 1891. A fihinmeat of 340 head of oattle from Glad Btone (Q ) arrived on Monday by the steamer Clonourry. ..Only one bullock was lost daring the trip; whiob ocoupied tores days. Two men wero on Monday finorl at tbe Folioe Court £100 sank, or ax oioutos' im prisooment, for smaggliug six boxss of tobacco,. ? .. : H.M.r3. Bingarooma left for Samba ob .Satur day night in response to a cable from Mmlral Scott, ordering her to proceed to Apia, with all speed, roquiriee made here'elioiWl the information . that the Admiral 'acted !npon a cablegram from England, directing tbat war vessel to lie seat - with »lt speed to Api» for purpose of protecting tha Jives and property of British ?objects. tberev . Shortly after tbe depoptuxe of CbeRingaroonia th^ Unl^n.Com uaoy'j steamer Upoln srriveS it : Auckland from Samoa, and. reported 'everything guiot there. '?' u ? , '?'-,' . The New Latnbtoniainen nave only' worked half a day (or siz.weeki. ToeV have rotoived to appeal to thedujtriot for h'olo, 'Effects of continued strikes, -. ( ...''' ''' v. A ' Subject to the approvil of Parljament Mr. Kidd bos decided 'to fpcreuethe Nejv South Wales suiiaorlptiou t-i iB? Sm Ff»piiioo saoil service fo £4000 pel.ynnnjji., ^ .,, .-, . ... -.' The Australian. Stpok Cosfarapoo was opened In Wellington, Rew,. Zealand, ...Delegates n'eroprejeDtfrooiTieWSontait«e!, Tiiiuinia, and Qoeehalaua.'.';.,':'^. :/.i-._ ; -...?.. The Government*™ «nthorise-i.tb« forma tion of r railway ading.-from the:Hlaw»rr» line to land 'which has been resumed Ipnt of the National :Park Jor cemetery :jraVpo«e». The line' will opet about £ZSDO. ;i-: -?,;?; A centleraan staying at »he otlbe leiaiiu/ city KoteU has. drawn M.lvoli6,iJlid.:ina . ' P.ris'jn«i'e«00,(»OirirMip, ?: -../vtea*. . In the Assembly Sir Henry. Parkes present- ' ed »|petition.iraro 2,600 wproso in iavoref .. 'woman «uffr»ge'., , . V .: ? . .. , /jyj ?;..-?.,-. ' 'An elthioition 61 wiraaa'i irorki'from which : ^heoihibiU for the woman1* department ia tie phlcagoEihibition will. oesseltwted, wu opioed by Lady Jersey iu thcCSntenuudHall . ' l«it Sitnrdoy. ateruooo. ;' There *-e about . 1000 ojhibitj. . 