 LONDON ANJ) SYDNEY, DAT BY DAY. THE HOME RULE BILL. ' The debate on tho motion for the second . reading of the Boine Rule Bill, upon which Sir Michael Hicks-Beach had moved an amendment,—' That the bill be read a second time this day six liintitliB,' was con cluded in the House oF Commons at an earl v hour on Saturday morning, when a division was taken with the following result :— - -. For tho bill ... ... ... 347 Against ... ... ... 304 Government majority ... 43 The House was crammed .throughout the night, and the greatest excitement pre vailed. ' The Ulster delcgiitCB ' in England have been feted at Hatheld, and Lord Salisbury Bpeaking on the occasion declared that there should be no Home Rule in Ireland or uny part of it . It is reported that on the night of the division on the second rending of the Home Rule Bill some nf the Irish nunil.ers shouted -To hell with the Queen I' The latest pewB frnm Belfast shows that the anti-Ilome Rule riots have been re newed. The militniy whn were called' out to quell the distuiliauce were ordered to 6x bayonets and charge tho rioters, which they did, many of the croud being wounded. A large number of tlio rioters were arrested. The Orangemen formed n procession and followed the cars ubicli were conveying the prisoners to gaol. Hundreds of Roman Catholic workmen have left Belfast in order to save their lives. A number of Cntliolio frtrls were pelted with atones on lenving the factories on Tuesday night. The Protestant factory girls have threatened to cut the throats of their Catholic comrades, and the In tier are in a state uf panic. Sir William Ewart, of Belfast, is proceeding with the eleetion i.f an Ulster Assembly, to be .com posed of GOO delegiit™, for the purpose uf controlling the crisis. The Marquis of Lon donderry predicts that ii civil var is coming. Notice has been riven in the House of Com mons of nearly 1,000 amendments to tho Irish Home Rule Bill. The Australian cricketers Arrived on Wednesday lust, and received a hearty wel come. Lord Sheffield entertained them the same night. Sir William Vernnn Hurcourt, the Chan cellor nf the Exchequer, in tho House of Commons delivering his budget fpeeuh, announced that at the end uf the financial j ear, on June 30, there would lw an esti mated deficit amounting to L1,B74,000 To meet this the Ooveniiueut intended to add a penny to the income lax, which would yield an additional £1.700.000. Sir William also stilted that the National debt had Iven leagued by £0.260.OO0: Ifews bos Wen received of an exciting and sanguinary conflict between a band of pintca and a Chines.' nmn of.war, in the Ray of Taichow, on tlip liiid-unst coast of Chins. The narBliip.'dnsguised as a trader, cruised about the haunts of the pirates, and .ultimately the pirates Attempted to board the Bhip, A sanguinary light ensued, re sulting in the death of 40 of the piinU) crew, and the capture of 11. The warship lust its captain and 25 marines in the en counter.' ' ? Matters in uinncclimi with the dockers' strike us, Hull are becoming mole serious, and additional tmoju, and police Imve been drafted into the city, wliicli is in a state of veiled rebellion; the strikers having tinned themselves with various weapons. The in ceiidiary tires nresiill burning, and the bluu jackets are assisting thu polico and troope 111 saving property and maintaining older. TliL'orgiinisii.f;8i.cietiiry of the Seamen's and .FirL-mtr.'s Ulljuu ntatus tliat it is in tended to wage 11 persistent war ai;ninst the Shipowners' Federation throughout tlio United Kingdom. ' ' A political crisis Iihb occun-i-d 'in Norway through the refusal of tlie Eing to accept a resolution passed by Parliament in favour of.Beparate Norwegian consulates. Several the of Siuthcrn and Western States of America have been yiBitud by a cyclouo,' which 'wrought terrible havoc. Fifty persons are known to buve been killed. Traffic arrangements by both mil way and road wcie completely dislocated, and many townships wel« utterly wrecked. The 'Obsi-rtur' eoimiiMiiiiitM.n the tiiiiiu cinl position of tlie Australian rol.,ii;ofi, b.ivb that in order to restore coiiH.leneo iu their financial stability the whole of tl.e enemies of thu best men iu the colonies will be re quired. . The task is not beyond tlie strength of AiiBtraliu. ' ? ' The account published by thu 'Berliner TiiKeVlntt' from n' correspondent nb'Ugiinu'ii, giving detailB of the murder of Eniin Pi.sl a. 12 months ago, has since been con6nned by a son of Tippo Tib, the notorious ivory and slave trader, who suites iliat all members of En. in Pusha's expedition were massacred. A shocking outrage is reported from West Limerick. A party of 'inOouliglih'rs' treacheiuusty murdered' two men — a farmer and his sou— both of whom were shot dead. The Lomli.ii Chartered Bank of Australia linfi temporarily suspended payment pend ing u ru-coli»truclioii of tlie 1.Riik, owing to the heavy withdrawals of deposits, but tlie bank will be open to receive trust accounts. A mail has been arrustod for firing 11 pis tol in St. James's Park, Londou, at mid night. It is alleged he wub shadowing Mr. Gladstone. Three thousand RusaiuD peasants as sembled round the Czar's train at Kharkolf, and persisted in lying ou tlu rails in front, of the train until his Mnjraty hoard their grievances. Several wero oi-usned to death, ami in the ineleu which followed some sol diers were killed. The Czar is stated to. have been completely ujiset by rhge and terror. August Luvey, a commission agent, was filled £30 and costs in Sydney for keeping, for sale twenty-five casks of liquor mixed with a' dcleterous ingredient injurious to health. . , '.' -'. Mr. Barton Bays thut 'he has Dot lost sight. of the urgency ot folding n Becund convention on the subject of Australinn federation. . ??:?.'..'..????? The Executive hove reprieved John Mukin, under suuteiice.of.deatb. for three months, pending his nppcal to the Privy Couucil. ? The outbreak i.( scarlet'lerer at the iu fnnts' home, Ashfii-ld, has been traced to a giftnf toys mid other articles from h lady, in whose housunolfl' tliere bud' previously .ht^u a case 'of leaflet fev.ur. 'Tile doimtion «»SMiadeon March 17 last, sjn'ce wliicb dato llir.iv have heeu 11*0 fuWer t.lmii 2n,-»£es in the iiiBtitiiiioi.,23cbiIdren mill 2«dii|u. A leper lias been disunvere.l in (Jeor-e street, Aysiinn, Pai'mnuiita. Llic .oca were ?.umineucillg to full ofl. 