 TO-DAY'S TELEQR49I3. Extraordinary Performance by Australians Lyons ISO Not Out. Repetition :of the Sydney Hatch of 1893. Terrific Hitting. IS! for 0 Wickets. London, May 19, 4.55 p.m. Being in a minority of 181 the Australians had to follow on. Lyons and Bannerman again went to the wickets, which despite the shower of rain which fell before lunch played well. Lyons started right away to hit in magnificent style, while Bannerman maintained a dogged defence. Ten after ten came in . sight rapidly. Attewell, Hearne, Nepean, Flowers, and Shacklock were all tried, but they all came the same to Lyons, who never in bis life hit with greater power. In an hour the hundred went up, and shortly after Lyons completed his century. He still continued to hit, and at halfpast 4, when the innings had lasted only an hour and a half, had made 120, the total standing at 151 for no wickets. W. L. MURDOCH AND THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. London, May 18. Mr. Victor Cohen, Manager of the Australian Eleven, has written to the newspapers a reply to Mr. W. L. Murdoch's letter of last Saturday, charging him with duplicity in connection with bis exclusion from the team. Mr Cohen says in 1892, when the team was being talked about, he approached Murdoch on his own responsibility, more especially with regard to the financial aspect of the position. He, however, obtained no reply from Murdoch. When the selectors of the team met in January he placed the whole of the correspondence before them, and they agreed that he was not bound to include Murdoch, and they therefore without hesitation decided that he should not be one of the team. London, May 19. Mr. Cohen, in his reply to Mr. Murdoch's letter, charges Mr. Murdoch with quibbling His omission to reply to his enquiry regarding the question of expenses justified his exclusion from the team. v That exclusion,. he . adds, is entirely approved by the Australian cricketers in England. Mr. Wilfred Flowers, whose brilliant innings against the Australians on Thursday is fre«h iu the minds of our readers, is a Nottingham professional, born on December 7, 18S6. Since 1877 he has played regularly for, the lace county, and no other player with the exoeption of Barnes has been such consistent all-round performer for the county. Flowers toured Australia in 1884-85 with Sbaw and Shrewsbury's team of professionals, bat was a comparative failure, fn his time he has played come brilliant innings, bnt none to oompare with his latest effort against the Australian Eleven. Flowers is a thick-set man, of great strength, and w!wr onoe going scores freely all round the wicket. Francis Marchant, who was the chief ally of Flowers in the brilliant innings of the M.C.C. and Ground, was born in Kent on May 22, 1861. He is an uncertain batsman, but when set is one of the finest hitters in England. His hitting powers may be imagined when it is seen that he made 103 runs in ninety minutes. He has always evinced a partiality for Australian bowling, for as far back as 1884 he made 34 for Cambridge University, and again in 1886 tuned up the Cornstalks to the tune of 51. 