 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BY DAT. Another dynamite outrage has been per petrated in Paris, a bomb having been ex ploded in the Prefecture of Police., Much damage wasdnne, but no person Wat injured. Eight thousand minors have struck work at Saarbruck, in the German province of Lorraine, Billy Murphy, formerly of Now Zealand, nnd cK-chmupiun featherweight uf the world lias fought a match with White at San Fwncisco. The match lotted for 33 .rounds. and ended in a draw. At Astrakan, in Russia, 20 cholera rioters have been aODtanced to death. A company is promoting a bill for the building of a bridge across the English Channel. Six hundred Chinese have been imported into the Congo Free State, West- Africa, to construct a railway. The 'Times' states that tbe Khalipha Abdullah at Kliourtum has threatened t- expel Kerkhoven's Belgian expedition esta blished at Ladn, to the North of Wadelai, in Equatorial Africa, Terrible gales have prevailed in the Atlantic during the past week. Owing to the stock of cotton yarns having become exhausted there is a pn»pect that the cotton strike in Lancashire will come tu an end. A serious outbreak d cholera bas occurred nttar Gravelines, in the department of the Nord? France. .The New York '8un' states that Pre sident Harrison has determined, as an out going blow, to abolish the privilege granted to the Canadian railway companies in con nection with tho transport of merchandise in bund through the United States Cree of duty. Font and mouth disease has made its re appearance amongst, cattle in London. Speaking nt Newcastle, Mr. Timothy Healy, M.P., said that the Irish people would refuse any such provision iu that con tained in a clause.nf Mr. Gladstone's Irish Home Eule Bill of 1886, by which it waa declared that Ireland's proportional repre ceutatiun ia the British Parliament should be one-fifteenth of that of Orrat Britain. The river Thames has been 'frozen over between Maidenhead and Windsor. The Emperor William hints that if the German Army Bill is nut accepted by the Reichstag the Chamber will forthwith be disBulwd. LnBt year the business nt tlie London Clearinghouse was £368,000,000 less than in 1891. Miss Shaw, special representative of the * Times,' considers that tbe sugar industry in Queensland is a remunerative enterprise, though the advantages to be durived fruiu it have hnrdly yet been realised. She also draws attention to the wealth possessed by the colony iu the immense supplies of cedar in the Nurth. A disastrous lire occurred at Liverpool, three public warehouses being burned down, and their contents, which included 11,000 biles of wool, destroyed. The damage dune by the 6 re is estimated ut £200,000. ' In consequence uf the troubled relations - existing between Great Britain and Morocco Sir Joseph West' Ridgeway, at present Undur Secretary fur Ireland, is to proceed to Morocco as special envoy from the Bri tish QoverimitiUt to the &uluw. It is reported that Russian emissaries are now at Cahul parleying with the Ameer of Afghanistan with regard to the Pamir ones tion, the British Government being totally., ignored to the matter. The tiraud Jury at Brooklvn has indicted: tbe Mayor and nitunbers uf the City Council of New York fur illegal and corrupt expen diture in connection with the recent Colum bus celebration. Replying to a deputation which waited upon him, Mr. John Morley, Chief Secre tary for Ireland, expressed a Jinpo that Parliament would allow the coui|-uh»vy purchase of farms in the West of Ireland by the tenants. The stage uf emigration and relief works, he said, whb past, and it would be false charity to continuo them. The Vienna Jockey Club has taken the step of forbidding glims «f chance to con sequence uf the iuureue of gambling amongst the Austrian nobles. Iu view of the intended evictions on the Bidyke Estate the tenants there Imve barri caded the nndsand stalimied saxiic un the. adjacent lolls. A force of wiuvd police is. Dow.putrulling the country for the purpose. of protecting the bailiff* *ho have to curry out the evictiuiiB. Tlie cotton operatives on strike in Lan cashire have offered to moot tbe masters with ,' a view f - a settlement of thu present dis pute, which arose through tlie masters in sisting upon a reduction uf 5 per ceul in wages. It is reported that an spent ut the Anaer Abdurrahman uf Afghanistan is unking ft secret visit to the Bustians on the Upper Oxua. The Spanish Government have declined to sanction Ihe publication uf a chart of the, port of Ferrul vihivh hat been prepared by British naval officers since the stranding of H.M.S. Howu «t that place. Mr. J. E. Redmond, leader of the Par neliit««ectiuii uf thu lnsli KutuuwllsU, hns agtiin demanded an nnnesty for all Ihv ]rtisli political priuooerB, aud bu declares that tho Nativmnl quu^tii-» will not be aettleu unless this is granted. ' At the Sydney Police Court on Wednes day Otto Schmkular was Sued £300 -for having an illicit still and soiling illicit spirits. Sir Matthew Duvios nnd the other parsons charged with issuing a false lialauco-slieet in conoection with thu Mercantile Bank of Australia, were brought up at tlie City Court, Melbnuriie, on Wednesday, and re maiided until tliu 8th Marall. The deuth is aimuunued of Geueral Benjamin Butlor, of the O'mVd States, in his 76 year. The Miuisters haveaocopted the tender of Messrs. Pope, Mahur, aud 0'. for tlietupply uf 15,000 tons uf cast-irou pipes, the price, being £lftl.S?5. Tho wilder of an Buglisfi . firm was £90,000. / : The cricket- match between South Aus tralia aud New South Wales was concluded at Sydney on Tuesday, New South Wales w)ni-iuj{ by an inniura aad SO iuiis. . . Influensa iu a tuildfunu'it very, prevalent in Adelaide, particularly »inoilg the pott : office vmpioyees. ? ? '? ' - : . - ? ' TbeRailway Department lm»aocept*d the . a tender of Metsra. Bud»-n Bnrtbera /-«? the manufacture and supply of three duinmy c»» and 6m mil can for ihe North Shora : . cable .tramway, «t a ooet of £1340. ' ' /PniliniiiiaryarratigeiiwiitshavulMentnarle for the desnatbb --f i tew ofthe IJew South Waif* Cavalry Regiment to takx |urt in the Jtnyal Military Tnuruuiucut at ' Islingtiiu next year. F-oiu 12 tu IU candidates nope to cowpluto iu all wvalrv events. 