 THE PACIFIC TRADE. THB CANADIAN STEAMSHIP LINE. Tho Transatlantic Service- Mr. Jamas Huddart'a Ventures— London to Sydney In 30 Days— A Saving of Five Days. Not tho least of tho advantages which aro to be looked tor, from tho Imparial point of viow, in tha dcvelnpnioul of tho Canadian-Pacific highway of communication with Auatralia is the increased knowledge of the fnc'litics anil opportunities olicred to eutorpriso within tho Empire which can hardiy fail t > result from the more act of passing to nn I from its furthest limits upon territory wlnuii in ail our own (says the writer of thu ariicio oil lite colonics I n mm Tt\i 1-1 1 f li ort.o. in nriLr tn rfliifili Australia, wo have gone by Brindisi or Naples, touching at ioreign ports when wc touched land at all, or Bpenditig by the Capo route long days, in which the horizon of rolling surge suggested that tho ono necessary condition for tho continued unity of the Empire was tho maintenance of our naval supremacy. Tito influences thus de veloped have borne fruit, and a generation nourished by them lias sprung up, to whom tho larger questions of foreign and Imperial policy itavo acquired a new significance. But as the wars of tho early part of tno century gave way to the peaceful evolution of internal lefornt, so i. suetns that bellicose Imperialism may perhaps be lite forerunner of a redistribution on larger linos of tnatty urgent questions of adminis trative organisation. Tho contract which has baen entered into between Mr. James Huddurt and tho Canadian Government, to put a swift steam ship service upon the Atlantic, connecting a terminus of the Canadian Pucifio Rail way with u British port, ottppltos the last link in the chain of direct communi cation through tne Empire to Australia. The service for .which tho contract has been made wiil, if it is successfully established, carry passengers and mails from London to Sydney in less than 3D days, thus gaining in point ot iiiuo nuout 11 vo ilaya npon the exist ing mail route. The culmer seas of tho Pacific offer inducements of plcanaut travelling, whiclt wiil, ii io believed, very soon make tho route a favorite one, and if these anticipations are realised a considerable portion of the passenger traffic to Australia will, on its way thither, pass through nearly 4U09 miles of Canadian territory. It will bo impossible, in such circumstances, that Canada should long remain the terra incognita which, notwith standing tho wonderful strides in know ledge that hare been made iu lite Inst 10 years, it still roptesents to the average British mind. At present tho man who most needs to know the opportunities which are opon to him in that immense extent of territory is precisely the man who, as a rule, knows least about it The laborer, upon whom life pri'Rses very hardly hero, who has been spoiled by no luxu rious living, and has had but small enjoyment of the amenities of a closely-populated country, is tlto man who has everything to gain from tho hotter material. chances and little to lose from the ottcn rough conditions of life in the new places of tho earth. But, as a rule, ho neither travels nor reads. Matters of com mon knowledge reach him only by slow degrees, filtered through tho conver sation of his associates. To place the whole great territory of Canada npon a common highway is to bring it within the scope of daily tail:. Every atcetagc passon- cor who goes or returns by thai route to Australia wiil become familiar with the plains of thi! Fur West. Tho mild climate, tho fruitful orchards, the agricultural facili ties of the valleys of British Columbia can be igtforcd by uo one who has been carried through them. The voyage to tho Antipodes will become henceforth a voyage by land as well as by sea, und ail uncon sciously conceptions of territorial settlement must be added to the exclusive ideal of the domination of the bcus. 