 0¥r the Seas. THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS. — v Opening Match To-day. A WHOLESALE MURDERER. — : o \\ Was it "Jack the Ripper?" s'J A tfHE EGYPTIAN EXPEDITION. I £ Traffic Scheme for Sydney. - - \ + . London. Mnv 9. Great; interest has been taken in the preparations made for the opening of the matches with the Australian,cricke- ters nest week. Harry G-rabam, who has been suffer ing from rheumatism, continues to im- proye. The team hare recently been prac tising daily at Lords, the ground at Mitcham being very poor. The bat ting on the former ground has im proved very much. J. Harry, who left Australia in the s.8. Austral, after the other members of the team, has arrived in London in good health. London, May 10. The following have been selected to meet the Australians in their first match at Sheffield Park against Lord Sheffield's team to-morrow; — W. G. Grace, 0. B. Pry, P. S. Jackson, G. "Wardson, A. Hcarne, A. D. Pougher, A. Mold, Prince Kumar Shrie Kangit- singhi, "W". Gunn, A. Shrewsbury, and A. A. Lilley. Albert Trott, the Australian crick eter, playing for Mr G. I. Thornton's Eleven against Cambridge, scored 5S. The wool sales were continued on Friday. The current series will close on May 16. The market is much quieter. Good wools are firm ; but inferior classes have a downward tendency. Important and satisfactory arrange ments have been made for tbe con struction of a vehicular tunnel and electrii railway in the principal streets of Sydney. It is understood that the works will shortly be proceeded with. At the Kempton Park May meet ing yesterday, the Royal Two-year- old Stakes resulted as follow: — Mr Faire's b c Eager 1, Lord Rosebery's b f Chelandy 2, tbe Duke of Portland's b f Lady Frivolous 3. The man Golines, who was recently convicted of a most atrocious murder in Philadelphia, has been executed. Prior to his death he confessed that he had committed no less than 27 mur ders in different parts of the world, naming his victim in each case. The Khalifa has issued instructions for the native forces at Dongola to be strongly re-inforced, with the object of re - commencing active operations against the British and the Italian forces, jointly with the Menelik of Abyssinia. The annual report of the directors of the Trust and Agency Company of Australasia shows a profit on the year's transactions of £82,670. The pay ment of a bonus of per cent is re- iyfommended, this leaving £690 to be .carried forward. The Great Jubilee Stakes were run for at the Kempton Park May meet ing yesterday, and resulted as follow : — — Victor Wild 1, Kilcock 2, Lombard 3. . 