 ' CLARA BUTT First Day In Sydney A CHAT WITH THE CONTRALTO Something About Australians? in London In the recently-published "Glimpses of Court | Life in Italy" the -authoress, a successful sin ger, has something to say about art and' anjlabiilty. What Is here quoted is from, a chapter in' which the Writer describes an evening with t'ne late' Aueiaide Ristori and her daughter. Donna .Bianca. . .The great Italian actress, it will' be recalled, toured Australia; with' a dramatic company, in 1875. . "I was . speaking, one day of. .music and art with Donna Lianca, -and in reference to Madame Sembrioh. I- saldMhat'i'.di-d' not be-. . lieve it was my dear friend's voice'; iilofte, cnut ha'd made her faipe, nor her voice and art together, but rather, the sweetness-'of her itrue womanhood that was .the crowning at traction to. tne great a.udiences. that love her so much. . 'I -think . that .. was always .truejot' my mother,' , Donna Btanca said; and I feel sure t-nat -tnis must nave Been so. Vou wil'i never .make me beneve-.tnat the'- personal' character of an artist does aiot navaats phy sical euect on an .audience." . . . '"the great Ristori : asked me it T would sing for' As 1 finished, the dear woman took my hands in hers, saying, 'xou sing siraigiu to the heart. 1 want to talk to you,' ana then she -toid me of some oi . her many travels around the world. 'If you wish lo be known everywhere, my dear, you must go every where, put up with many discomforts, learn lo accommodate yourself to various customs and to all sorts of people, and. as you love- your art -and 'work, Happiness and success will come to you." ... - - ' m 9 When; you meet Clara Butt you are at once attracted by. "the sweetness of her true Womanhood, " and you can see at a glance trial her personality lias -heioed in a large' measure to give her that power us a popu lar artist. ' . . ! J, . Mightier far Than strength or nerve, or sinew, -or the sway i magic, potent over sun and-star." j ,,» 1 E,utt has rented "Fairlight," i0a'.' an,d ln ' the garden-girt house overlooking Double Bay the great I contralto was -Interviewed by a '.'Sunday &un representative y&steray afternoon. "Here we are, ' comfortably housed," she 5 ,, The children came on ahead of us lrom Melbourne. This will ' be our head quarters, so to speak, for a couple of months —perhaps a little longer. The children will bo sale here— and what a lovely place it is-rwh'.'n I go off to Queensland and ochor places. We, I mean- my husband and myself, will be in Melbourne again for Cup week. In January \\,0" start for New Zealand. We are tired after the big season of .eight concerts in Melbourne, and it is only fair to the people of Sydney that wc should give ourselves -a week's rest before commencing our concerts in this city. . In Melbourne we had cold and rainy weather. AVhat .a change thus , is — the -warmth, the sunshine, and everything' so bright and so cheerful." , - . | «»«»» I "My impressions, of '.Sydney " said the sin- : ger; "why surely you do not suppose that I have any. yet. . . Now had-.we come- into: the - city by the liqrboyf I migh,t. hp. ye .been brlm- : ming ovr' with -impressions.-. But we came f ovei'lah'd frcSnl Melbourne.' "It "waiT'a" great' ; surprise to see such a railway station, and with my first glimpse: oE the city I' thought ! I was back in the old country. Your oity : is much more English-looking than Mel bourne. So far I have seen only a sec- : tion of the harbour.' - You san sec it from this . charming .house. To me j tins harbour, with the wonderful coi- | our of the water, the clearness of the sky, 1 and the green of the bordering, has more of | a foreign than an English look. My sister | andmy throe little ones ea.me fym Melbourne : by water, and, from what I have 1 — -n told , to-day, I can easily imagine that it must be ; like a glimpse of fairyland to crate" o Heads ! on a day like this— all sunshine tjilT uparkle. I am not joking when I say that br-rbour the hope of ipaying Sydney another visit when we -have finished the concerts which have been arranged by Mr. Talt." «« Clara Morris, the American actress, in her "Life on the Stage," writes: — "The public! The public! I had never feared it before, beoaree I had never realised its power. If I pkAied, well and good. If I displeased it I should be. driven forth from the Eden I ! loved to wander in the stony places of broken ambition and bitter disappointment. I seem ed again ,to hear the applause, and I thrilled a: its V'/il-d sweetness. The public! Mighty monster! The gi-eat many-headed creature, all jewelled over with fierce, bright eyes, with countless ears aStnain for .error of any, kind. That beat the perfumed air with its myriad . hands, when pleased. I was just happy. 'It ' was my first taste of the delight of conquer ing the public.- Yet tho fact' remains that from that night. I have never faced a new audience or attempted a new part without sifltering a nervous terror in the fear that the bit and the :brldle would be changed ' with the reins in the hands of the public." I 4 « « ' 9 Asked if she had suffered from nervousness during the Melbourne season Madame Butt said: "To be perfectly candid, I was not a bit nervous. I have what is called a ner vous temperament, but I am never nervouu when I sing, I have been used to big audi ences from the very comme-noement of my career, and the determination to do my best always sustains me when 1 have to face the music among strangers. I love to sing, and 'when I find the audience sympathetic and responsive I am quite at my ease. I was threatened with nervousness when I made my first public appearance in England. It was in the 'Golden Legend.' But after I , had sung my first phrase I settled down, and j sang with confidence." I i » o Asked how Australian audiences compared i with those in England, Madame Butt re plied: "Everything in Australia lias surpris ed me, and the musical taste of tiie people has surprised me most of all. No artist could wish to sing to more intelligent, more appreciative, or more enthusiastic audiences. Ail that is good in you comes out when you sing lo an Australian audience — you cannot hold it back. You simply have to give of your best. No. I do not think that the Aus tralian concert audiences are one bit behind the most intelligent audiences in England. I found It sd in Melbourne, and I'm sure I'll find it so In Sydney." j " " r | A question about- Australians in London 1 Drought forth thi3 answer. "You must take a gbod many of -the reports that reach you from. the. ether side with a grain of salt. Bofne. Australians are doing well, others I fear, are -hardly ' able to keep the wolf from the - door. Ada Crossley is doing jvell, very well, and so is Hetty Holroyd, who is now Mrs. Tiilett. Among the others -wRh whom the world is going well I should name Amy Castles, the singer, and Percy Grainger, the- 'pianist. Bertha Rossow I have not heard much of lately.". . . Sr "The success of a fow Australians in' Eng land ,'! Madame Butt remarked, "should not ibei'pu-t forward as a reason why every Aus tralian with ordinary talent .should: look' to tiie Old Country as a place where fame and fortune may he easily won. I do not speak from personal experience of suffering and disappointment, but .believe me when I say that the struggle is a hard one— very hard, ii have no Wish to be regarded as a wotsblan- ltet, but I think of Mr. Punch's advice to those about to marry, and I say 'Don't' when I am asked If a young pianist or a young violinist, or a young singer should not be sent to London. Austra-- lians> forget that in London they have to compete with men and women from all parts of the globe." &lt;.9 . ' Madame Butt told a liriie story about Franz Liszt and the girl pianist who had a greutt deal ,o£ ambition,' and a very siiall amount oe talent. . A very pretty young mdy played a Ballade by Chopin in u r- evenly way. Liszt walked up and down tho room excitedly murmuring, 'Heiliger Bimbam! Heiligei- Bimbam!" (the equivalent oE 'Holy Moses!') When the girl had -finished lie went up, 'to her. in a most friendly. manner; laid his hand updniher head, as it in-benediction, and. said'gently; "My dear child, 'marry sbon. Good-bye.' " 41 ' "i cannot understand," Madame Butt went on to say, ' "why young Australians with musical talent want to rush to overcrowded London. This is a. beautiful country, and It ; should -be a great place, for music of all . kinds. Why don't they stay at home and. form choral societies and orchestral asso ciations? While I. was In Melbourne I heard., a choir of 1200 female voices. It was at a rehearsal in connection with the -exhibition of Women's Work. -The ladies also h-id.an. : orchestra "of a couple oE hundred players. ' That sort of; thing is better for Australia than 'sending a ' doubtful ilrodigy now and. then to the Old Country. As I have said, talented Australians should try to do some thing' for- music in Australia," - In answer to the question "Have yott rondo any engagements social or otherwise for the next few days'." Madame Butt said:— "I have come- out- to Australia to sing to the Austra lian 'public— not to amuse 'myself. I l'ke en joyment as much as any other woman likes it, but I recognise that my first considera tion should, be . for those who pa.v, to hoar ine sing, if is my" intention, therefore.' to keen quiet all next week, so that I .may be i;p .to concert pitch when I appear In the Town I-Iafi on Saturday- next. That moans,, of course, that I shall spend the week here at Edeecllfie-road doing a little steady .work every" day and l? king 'a' been every now and then at your beautiful harbour. Besides. I have to keep in mind the work tivt lies be fore roe. My husband his five. concert dates, which will carry me right through next year and well into 1.909." 