 The Colonial Conference SIR WILFRID LAURIER'S PROPOSAL PACIFIC- ATLANTIC ROUTE VIA CANADA 24 DAYS FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON WELCOMED BY ENGLAND SIR JOSEPH WARD DISAP POINTED London, Wednesday. At the Colonial Conference, Sir Wilfrid Laurier submitted a resolution favoring the establishment of -a mail service to Australia and New Zealand via Canada. His proposal is divided in two parts, one affecting the Atlantic, the other the Pacific. It is proposed that the Atlantic servico should finual the existing service to New York, thus saving two days. He allowed four days on sea, four days across Canada. This means an accelerated service. He proposed on the Pacific side to establish a service of at least 18 knots, which would bring Sydney within 24 ' ' days of Lon don. The cost would be borne by the several contributing governments in equitable shares. He hinted that Canada was prepared to subsidise up to £250,000. Mr Deakin warmly commended the proposal so far as Canada was concern ed but he doubted if Australia and New Zealand could obtain' a service quicker than the one they already possessed for a reasonable price. Owing to the two transhipments, the line would only do for mail and passengers. Australia was en couraging faster means of communica tion through the Suez Canal and via the Cape, which saved any tranship ment. feir wm. .Lyne reared a very large subsidy would be required.' Probably it would take 30 days to reach Aus tralia via New Zealand. - The present trade was not great, but he thought that the Federal Parliament would look favorably on any scheme which deserved inquiry. Sir Joseph Ward was greatly disap pointed at the suggested speed. He said it was impossible to get a fully equipped fast mail service unless Great Britain, Canada, Australia and Now Zealand joined hands in paying £300,000 to £600,000, whicli ought to supply a 23 knot service with England and Canada, also' a 21 knot service between Vancouver and Australia. New Zealand now provided £40,000 a year, but she would give £100,000 towards a swift mail service bringing the Colono within 20 days of England. Canada and Australia could save all the money they were now spending on immigration if they established a fast service and adequate third class accommodation, with, cheap transit to go across Canada. Mr Lloyd George considered that the views expressed during the dis cussion showed how difficult was the problem. If great speed was essential tha cost might bn absolutely prohibi tive. A resolution waa ^finally carried unanimously on the following terms 'That this Conference' is of opinion that the interests of the Empire demand as far as practicable that its different portions should be connected by the best possible means of mail communication, travel and transporta tion, and that it is advisable that Great Britain be connected with Canada, and through Canada with Australia and New Zealand by the best service avail able within reasonable cost. For the purpose of carrying the above project into effect such financial support as may be necessary should be contri buted by Great Britain, Canada, Aus tralia and New Zealand in equitable proportions.' 