 empire day RESULTS OF ESSAY COMPETI- ITIONS . , , SUCCE8S OF SYDNEY GIRLS j. LONDON, Thursday, 3.10 p.m.- Dorothy; wiles, of the Fort-street -Model Public. School, has won the Earl of Meath's Challenge Cup and money prize for the best essay from Tho secondary schools in connec tion with 'the EmpIro'Day movement." ' bifniJar. prizes were awarded for competi tion among the -pupils'or tbe primary schools, and wiiro wo:i byMyrtlc Brown, of Newtown, Sydney,, - . , , p Competitors representing r, be secondary schools had to state and criticise the rela tion between Great Britain and any country or Crown colony -with which they were ac quainted;' The essay 'hud not to exceed" 2l)0U words, and the agc-llinit of the competitors was 14'. to; 18. "years. .The "cup 'giydnVby ' lite Earl' of Mealh'Js "valued ' at ,X,1U. lUs, nnd ;is tq ijdihold by the school t'o which "the ' suc cessful pupil belongs. The money-prize wus a personal one of £r> T»»; and1 was presented by the League of. tho Empire. The; cdmp.etit.iori. for the primary schools was . oiKm.V to -children' under the - age of 14 years, who -had to write a letter to a friend desiring to 'emigrate, and point 'out the ad vantages «of any country, .State, province, or Crown ' colony with which they were ac quainted; or to a friend living in any otnor part of-, the ; Empire, and point 'out the ad vantages of settling in the United Kingdom. The cup is of tho. same value as that in tho other competition, but the money prize was slightly less— £3. 3s. All essays had first to be judged In tho schools, and afterwards by tho authorities co-operating wlUi'the League In the different countries of the Empire. It Is a notable circumstance that both com petition's' should have been won by Sydney pupils, and. thovfnct, that thpy were open to all. iho secondary, and primary schools of the Empire makes tho success of the girls men- 'tioned all the more." gratifying. The wlriner of tho secondary schools competition is tbe dhtighler of' the Rev; Henry Wiles, Methodist 'minister, of Botany. The Knrl of Mcath of course te well-known as a great Imperialist, who -lias striven so hard for the recognition throughout Greater -Britain of an annual Empire Day. 