 LONDON AND SYDNEY. VISITING COUNTY COUNCILLOR. DEBTS AND DAY LABOUR. "Tho Commonwealth quibbled over a few pounds," said Mr. Collins, of tho London County Council, who is in Sydney, when soon yesterday. "There was tho land for tholr offices In the finest position In the, world. For tho sake of a few pounds a year they throw it up. '/It cost us £5,000,000 to make that street, and the Victorian Government have got the corner of It, tho finest position In Loudon. If tho othor States built alongside. It would bo a magnificent placo for advertising thom. There was land still vacant there when I lett they wore there after Christmas. I expect thoy will all go before the end of the year. The council lets thom on lease-of 99 years, I think. Canada has her ofllces against Char- ing Cross, where everyone can SPO them-with a small grain elevator In tho window empty- ing grain Into a boat. Remember, the 5,000,000 peoplo who live In London and tho 3,000,000 who livo just outside pass those places constantly. And nlno out of ten of tho peoplo*of London carne originally from tho country." Mr. Collins said ho know Lord Chelmsford on the -London County Council. "Ho was a fine educationist," ho said, "and a level- headed man. THE DEBT OF LONDON. "Whilst tho so-called progressive council was in power In London.durlng l8 years it piled up a debt for over £100,000,000. Wo havo £40,000,000 to £50,000,000 of assets in land and tramways to sot against It. Thero aro no as- sets whatever against £50,000,000. Slnco tho moderates havo como Into powor wo havo had to pick up £6,000,000 of their floating bonds. Wo have bought up £750,000 worth of our own stock In tho last six or seven months. "Wo havo closed down tho works depart- j mont, which used to employ 2000 men, and aro letting tho work to contractors. It stands to reason that the contractors superviso it moro closely. Thero cannot bo any supervlsiou worthy tho name in a hugo municipal concern Uko ours was. You can seo that in tho coso of tho water companies. Before all the Lon- don water companies were resumed by a board tho service was ovory bit as good ns it Is now, and 20 per cent, cheaper. And in the board'B ono ofllco they havo ns many clerks ns they had In all tho old companies put to- gether. SYDNEY'S SMOKE. "I think Melbourne is the best managed city I havo seen In Australia," said Mr. Collins. "Thoy deal with tho smoko nuisance bettor thoro thnn in Sydney. But If you only got rid of tho smoko hero I think I should prefer Sydnoy. All tho Australian towns I havo Boon havo Bplondid municipal buifdlngs-quito as good as anything wo havo." 