 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN | TWENTY DAYS. WILL SOON BE FIVE ROUTES TO CHOOSE FROM. ' A MARINE ENGINEER'S OPINION* '''AS SURE AS TH13 SUN SHINES.' ('Sunday Times11 Social.) ??.,. . Thoro aro (our distinct routos opon for consideration in any schomo uvolvud for a quick service bctwoun Sydney and Lon don : — - ' Vln Suez. Vln Cnp'etown, \: Via Cunuda. 1 Vliv Panama. Tho laat-nanod route will not bo avall iblo probably until lt-15, but tho , railway crossing Mexico, 1200 miles wortlfof Pan»r ma, now being built by Sir Weolniah Poar ttoii, at a cost ot £10,000,000, will fio opon Doforo the canal. Tills railway la 190 mllod long, tbo terminal points being CoaUi coalcos on tho Atlantic 'and Sallna Crur on the Pacillc. With steamers travelling ui uvoryduy Atlantic and Pacific speed*, 'i\b (nv back as 1907 It was estimated that tlie Journey from London to Auckland, -r\x tills route, would occupy 22J days, and io Sydney 25i days. ' \', Over the Suez route tho distance fro.a Sydney to London is 12,055 miles, and via the Panama Canal It Is 12,410 tnllui from Sydney to Plymouth. » v Ronlly, wo have \ FIVE HOUTES TO CHOOSE FROM, and on thrco o( them we liavu 25 to 27 knot boats on the Atlantic passage. All tlial Is wanted -to bridge tin: Pacific '.a juilllciunt time to make the whole Jouf n cy in 20 days, is a servlco of 25-kuDt boa Is. ?? The average distance Is about 12,000 Hi II os by each routo, and as 25-knot boats 'art- referred to all through, this leaves uu with the advantage of tho difference between mllos and knots to tl-*good. As a mutter of fact, 33 knots equal 38 mllns, rind over a twenty-day trip tho dlfferenc: rould bo very considerable. , 'You will remember,' said a well-known, mnrlno engineer to a 'Sunday Times' ro ^presentatlve yesterday, 'that when it was til at suggested that 25-knot boats should be built to cross the Atlantic, tin) idea vVas laughed at. AM those interested anil moving In the matter weru regarded as a new species ot lunatic. To-dny, however, tho Ideals dt ?.those who wero regarded as demented have been attained, and tho pes simists lire nsucrllug that the limit (it aea speed has been obtained. As a nut ter of fact, there nro at least two great warships In, tho British Navy which can cover . 27 KNOTS AN HOUR on a long run, and tho man would Se brave Indeed who predletod that 30 knots was not within sight. 1 am conlldent that IT the money is forthcoming, you can cross tho Pacillc at such a speed that you ?will be ablo to reach London' after 20 days' travelling. Oil fuel would permit this to bo done. If you can make a ves sal pay and carry coal for a journey of six days, you can, by using oil, occupy Just' the same Bpace.as coal would, anil cover a twelvo-days' trip without ro plenlshiiig your .oil tanks. Mind you, 1 don't say that at present rates tho actual cash earnings of such a vessel would show a profit at the end of a voyage, but you would save at least ten days, and that is worth paying tor. \ It' simply means this, that a persou who wanted; to' loavp Australia on a four months' holiday 1.6 England, would only spend 40 days tra veiling there and back, Instead of noarly three months. Instead of having six weeks at the outside In England, he would havo nearly ten, and he - ?WOULD BE PREPARED TO PAY ' FOR IT. In your advocacy of this matter -you aro butting up against all sorts of Ideals and . opinions, and they aro as hard to niovo as granite. But tho thing will come very booh, as surely as tho sun Bhincs. Tho speed we want la here. If you will pay for it there are men who can design tho ships that will do tho work required.' 