 .OUR SYDNEY LETTER. LAXOUR DAY' AS AGAINST EIGHT ,-!OUR DAY.-LORD DENMAN'S DE? . FiARtlV.-fifNQ'i " .T.HE HOUSE •R?NT.-A' CONTRAST I± T WAGES. -OF COURSE, LONDON CRITICISIIS W•i wI? . COv DEMN.-OUR FED ,RAL CAPITAL ,DESION. SYDNEY. Wpdnooday. Th ight'bhoti proecsstlOon oaMoodily was a0 euial-oly bcttern The tro. phlesnwira of. tho satmo kind--only bet tor?i The enthusoism ' of participanti andlintreet 0o spoctators was a repotp tlon-only on a greater scalo, and per' hape-with moro resoon and meaning. The pil'sence of one body marching in seome thinglibk' working'attiro-that is to osay, in attire". which included articlce of dress in keeping with their occupation 0i0 ,inepirod a suggestion. It may bo good, 'bad, or indifferent, but, says some0 one; why not' adopt tie idea for the on tire line? The trophies wore of fine and labtiorate nature, some mstot artietic, all impressiveo and the teams a sight, to behold. They always arol The Eight' hour procosoton grows,. The shining hoi moets of the ifremon gave a bind of mill. tary touch, ApropDo tide, 0comose hboo rdfeFi?ed to 'the.go.an.you-pleitee "gait. of tito' rank and' file, all orders other than those who hbvo. learned to stop. The belief rop exprcoei that the day is com ing when nma'gniiicdnt demonstration will bp te o Eight*itoui"ntareh, not iroce. sid. " Aniything .:riy' be a procceltoi, but a mnaroh- means "lett.right lefti rtght,'! ,and ±tho siwing and evenness of aon 'artey There is this fault to find with -'Elght-lour Day"-itts nslo. Eight inours' work, eight hiours' sleep, aud igiht'i houra" recretition, has passed the piha0o of'a question. It io law, and thai means 'Royal law. Mr. M'aowen, re' ferring.toitth loyalty of iiis party yes tardoy, iflaid-"At the Eight-itour ban iuct' they sang 'God Save tihe..ilnlg' thrdo tinmes,'pontapoonnly." It has been quoted-the titlc-'-but 'it.ehouldn't be. GodiSave the King is tho National An' them. O Of. cours., Labour is loyal; It 10 not worth replying to those who say It isn't, oBut eight hours is the King's. law, ond so is preforence for uhioniste. Mr. Speaker. sald something in the House the other day on the "Logal Amendment Bil."; .Itoamounted to thiu-an Act of Parliament has the King's assent. It h" a deomon of ti1e highest Court in ths land. t, It. over-riden verything. Eight hiours', worki eight " hur'' sloop, sud 0ight hours' recreation is such a decree, and,;;liko' good wine, it ucods 110 buoh. T?leio tlbs fault which. is futfid-wil'y riot dl:op a tilo which may not for ever convey, Its.original nleaning,. and aiopt one which will stand in the etld of time'! Labour Day, gentlemon. not Elight-hour Days, with all that t' means, oll that it has meant, and all that it is going to liaun. Lldiouii. Dayi then, was wortihy the caiieeg, andm the weather assitotei ti maoto I enjoyabloe It was a demonstrai tlion of. .poner, progress alld oplondour. And-the procession, to thois whb wit' noeged; t,eiwas a groat object lesson. Lorid Donman hits gone, and he may not coml.ngoh. Howecvor, the oflics on Oovor'nor.Genoltal is contilnuouo The Gonerenor-Goneral must come again, it not in the person of Lord Denman, then in thiat of' 1hs euccessoer, Tile nlore Iii' cneaed. Section of the patty who are at war with thlose responsible for the change still harp on the "Eviction of a an venor." , The Governor-Oeooral could only bh ovioted if ie were refused a re Cidenice in Auetrahii, It is queotioniable if ihl heat cues Imandi in ihrping on thpt "dedication." If the fino. old. rcoil' ence welt dedicated to tiie one of the King's rdpresolitativo. irrespective of Its territorioi statnus n rroweod 01' extended. twol e lid gond. 13nt it cetildat bavs' been At bent it Wos dedicated to the use of the Governor on Now South Wales, and it was 0o1 the Ill Gowon Ministry who evicted Olm, hut neother, . iHe wies evldted wlhes conwie 'stntotet-"fbort?oulimnt omb'Sa'odb'i?Ktho 'P1nliry 'hae ngrcod to re. turn to England beorer the and of' his term Governmlnt l-oueo will be turnod bver to the Governnr.General of Austra. lia, and a new residotnce will be procured fer the Stato Governor." y That was a?n 'eviction" if you lil.s as'ti Government House was dedifated in the wty claimed, then it' was not to tho use of e high offie otal 'who could nost then' have been cnn templatod, b4t '\tonthat"of her then sMaj. eaty's ropreeontative lu Now South Wilon and' ties succeseors in the same oapacily.' This was omphasleod and not weekhncd on thi. eithdivislip of the continent, us well everyone knows At the aimeotime who paid for tile orrotion of GovernmOnt Heliso, and .whoii It who' "Itirned over" ti the loaln uuthority-woo it ?-What wvn theinotere of tile tronsfer Of course, ulaileo 28 of thosoitginol Coaetitntion Act has no direct pPldatilon, but a earotul rending ot one part of it may show the mind' of ±t1 Qloen's advisors in lEngluad witlh respert tot inithe han 'iugrom'niOue Ultu. ungageanenlto whore Involving land, A 'hole h'Ihp of things are allowed., but i'provided 'that nothing hiereiti entaoied shall 'effect or he coisirued to leffoet, tiy iontroet to proeynt tthe tinuianint o'ft.atiti prohilto or engagemin0iet mede by' or oil hlIalf of her 1hnjesty with rospeut to any lends ultuate withih the oahi velony ini etiii'teihe$ cPh"tl coiltrattl., prolulses, sr engegeloents ltlli' hol'v lieon ]awfully meile lbefo'o the time at which tilel Act shall t ke offeot- Whll not pIihliope tp. plylljd the word ]ldicato a teni r regard for hie preservatiohl of ouglgneinnti. Del'1 yon! doubt qtie'Queen's ndvlao'ae oeve' r:ontinlte hint' tie 'most Iniportant ireoth 'would1 by in .epoet of the Vice. lielgil bItne ap pitlntedr for,' ii 'rnedonme and its grodlds.: 'nut, to repeat, the Goe vernor who woan evitode .cwas evieted 1n meite re'ns'for'Lord. Hopntout. Doepite tlio,losyii motive it, wq a violation of t01e origlnti, agreement,. 'rh rrent, problem has reiochad to atao, wien itatb naot to ho. aolved. But how 1 , uodrtoitT lttry witi bo foltowott wtth mare thou tant interoat. Sly that a itotr ?rlnta (ourt wern oatthualetdt, ,How wotbl tt trrivo at a r'eprt hilr t. oll pout hltict rooputP ?,. Ota ?aotltority .luo eid oshtt ltb n a0 oaillovernhmtont )tntre0: {tat thue Stal t into dtatrleta nppoti t t ito ot vultir to rroldo ~o eahi . 'rho ouuoolt bntiht to . motountbt ti ttot tina' noptdc?o do t?i,'g' ethu z'il wntitchtnea o' 'ptduotoitraltoti 'o?nt , experience!d 'muit orntmttobn ! tlht totloption af the mititl* ittoltP Ond ttalo ititrottut 'thoe aiioo t ot' nloat ' otro' whol ntoy tra htier "!to nooiot, ho ititiuiro ,that ltaup oro hor ountiy rultttblu." Htot coo titan Ito 1 Prtoo uihanoe, out atuiwvo tipe hIoolib uutt 'tohalovol,' althoer 9ia tuorilog 'the .fiutd a'or thu improvntnaott, Ifl 0t ohttth woultdt oirp!,too, 011' uopn 'out at uotottoll opt ltr!tot?ollt.? "It oothlt do .nto' ry oally, Anll Y;La'?vorago "qulbtrb 0out (i.oti ttit, , .t tto it runt.' t allt it tor wortht otannotllt iiotanl Otti.y lntq dt'.it!lly', iter itto' rlnt rottlut cotipleq dtwoo llnititt oti roteit to l y;?hmpy otlrta tteto letouktoittilt rn, cotopiuato iob to 'l teziallead" hy a tIxelt rant, 1110 wattl tuta ,uoattuaI OiloIt to |tutu0 to roltito nintt Ito oattlld to tovoe t'h1rt SpOltIo1i," noot tot it 'wll 'ho titritltli. ',dl' "Wltit of ttiot, n0 utitloios tnomthttilu la done to.Ptot thrttt eqc'upo, latrloda wilt uonso to tot uICmpti" hoitau ntywhero. It o court' 0e0t tIX the ront t ani empty hatine only,1 titon It would ba fully not to 'fit. 'anh itt in tuoml way, 0n0 lot itt onmplott. Alq?;Wttt al,' hi of iohpa tuioethar tont~ntilihtt rualldeonto or 0hot11 If onlto, ouliat 01 mulhica? , If attolu nn owl tiltoo 'wltol 01 bttliltnan of atny iattire, FIoi reitsta aul' yet"16uh . to fair lrlua-ovetrythinu tixe') bywitt lti'iTi Imtmonalty of the ,ntn en~tlor oe rl inrellsO, , 1. ao* e' a v ii tio d it iltoituta l IIt? tl 1tlltitt too ot? ?, (Ithhlatod IInit of prevlzllhnK wagoen, 01 Siieilylzol l they.i l trOaeitin Ituo tiltes v.ory utoalil' 'tituath fotrn oa otititrltoont tVi tay 4.titti i tht Itallwotty Ootunatn!tlltttoitt'a' ftolu tinO .1 , 11011., ' ' tio 'tte n' uq, toynl L'4iut1tt titolrornn tf o*'mlzo~ columns fairly "scream" with eS; 6s, Is Od, and 8s a day. Ofecourse, there are bettor, 10s 8d, laos4d, and even 120s but the prevailing figures are nearer 75 ant 8s than anything else. Tales tramways. The eye fairly wearies with "cbnducter, 7a per day," and then 'conductor, Sn per day." Of a suroty, there nra\few ap polttments in thoi:reetrnr'th.at ?,k le tha earner, if a married man withn a family. anything.more, than an existeee; By the time a man. has paid hia household bills ho can haidly have enough to beh worth counting. It is.nopn to questialn if ran ruilways and tramwaya shotild bh asaied to do more than pay' interest,after uip. khep. If there is, anything over, thea it may reas'onably be urged that' it ehould 0o to those who give their time, energy, and lives, to maintaining tile aervice?. The r?ailways are properly eonsidered at "busaless undertaking." butt i dthoslei noe be a business requiring a profit at the oxpense of the employees. Truo, there havo been inereases.,but apart from that fact, those figures fairly star" on0 out ef countenance, MIen who' have, to put forth their ,strength-a fleeoing eommao. dity-are not well paid iit8n ailay tu thbse times.' Men who nang ' ou for tleir lives, and hvla to exerciso a bank. teller's mind while they do, are not well paid at 7. Tile contrnnt referred to may be mire imaginary than reall but it is certanbly thero, when you study the two documonta-statistieal bulletin and railway report. It Ia curious to note how rrltied n the apot, who findl faitlt with the' ,'lanclal oltiloeo at enee out cress v/ith' Lotidoa elritics, whlo ,only .base their 'repriluaall os what we choose to selnd ilhiu. As previously said in this column, thwe vinogarv reviews' it ee ouwt cities cnt homo, lilse hiclkens, to roost. ,11ow can we complain of It0 nasty things said In Luondln, 'when such erd based;' aliostt wholly, on such exohangee as reach that centrol It is'all imports ald exports, usd great is the confusiln thereon. Illpirts will always increcse as tite resiult:of 0na tIstlil piroeperlty, ialld they follow. ,It to aot pIty neerollatity de't soelk to edcatae the puhllo a little more on thls qUestiee. One only so0d0 to itave anythilg ilho at pauwlng cqu:ilitaceo with tnercantile lifo to observa the greatest acumean oa the part of traders ai to future prospects. It is elsewhere, and on the part of oth ers, that we see tlhe other thlg. 'A' great report (rudo was a foregone coneclioloa frolm our immenee and contiiued produet ties. Exports tre paUid for 1lit Imports, ecop is Imports ore paid.for III "exports. The idea that ai country cun sell to nlt anrt oundry. and get evorylthlg It' watst within itself 1 1nn1 of thone nlys.lrlious dclihslaos which t'ailte one wonder if our acnoolo sbould not give more' attentloi 'to mireuntile tratnintg. , 'olethilng previous relerentes. to the design of the Federal capital. Th'1 pro. 5tlileut of the Now South ,'aloe lesatutie of Surveyors condetnos the three prio designa, anId favolirs the mlnority clec. then. Another tiiatliity lb juit as ..uc talth that the best design glt lhd' prIce the big onel You nee different 10n sceo these things, from difforeltt standilelntln. All the 0ame, it is a thiouiiaed ,pities th1al. wle needed to eot an American to doietgn 01ur Federal capital. The Ulitedi ltatis Ia it forelei coluitry., namooth t110 fact 00s we ilny. iUrtely thorn it onough liil etit 1iero1 t'dlolgn a oltyl 'l'le qluestlolt is asked without tabsolute knowledlge of it--Wllat Otter country over got it lto0t1 sildi expert to deolg itt national cpll til? "Desnined abroad" will stick to Al.,'. tralla's federal city for all time. 'rTie in fsit, will aecontuato tho fact. "If thorl i1 one 'tiling whleh altould exp'eoos Au1s: tOrllni talentit It to Ihl city roepreeetatieo of \Aistrsilnt unity.' 'We didi't eek s froreigner to ileotoit citr hag, dud?I ae,,,cctu wentiil cIty wil~l fly it hail give, It en.= pressloet. Every hl, of that capItal, Iieel,. slrects, Iuitlihngn, ato., shouied ti , Aa. trslintu. Just whore ce tiro wceak i lita statuary. There, if yei like, we mllghit hnve employed foreign .talent, lhg sitolp,"colitige, tnd city shouitil he As.1* tralln made. In the reign of George IV., bunlo'lid received at onpdrbd 'design for her eollngo, accepted it, but elual~ned the matter hecuian thate dulgetne W115 'i foreiglut'.' '! No"g'Ieat country should end. dl&lt;t postorIty with ihd rellection that Its forotathors, woren't capable of provcld, ing it. wsith a federal' cap tal, or witthl a/nything.sins of netual national eharoc. tar, Amerlen woalol not have done ano no entletry In Ettrepe would htave dons so, It sugeests Infentilism. cod somehowl or other loaves.a sense of humilltit?no 0IflRON0. 