 INDIAN i>ASSl;VE RESISTORS. ; JOHANNESBURG, Friday. ' Arrangements for the Indian, \pas sive resistance in the transvaal are - complete, and the new policy begins next week. ' rfiRRIBLE SCENES IN DUBLIN, STARVING CHILDREN. . ! LONDON, Friday. loading tlic s'teutner Hare ' at Man- cheater, with 340 tons or food to re lieve the starving families of Dublin, . the , strikers created arecordUh tho ' Trade Union annals. One hundred and thirty .-olunteers, working day and 1 nighe, packed fifteen thousand , boxoa of groceries, anil thirty thousand, ten pounci pacKages of potatoes, whilcfTiiiq dockers) on strike, loadedr the' (Vessel aa an expression of sympathy. Nearly a hundred thousand men, women, and children arc , suffering ter rible from the cold and ffitnger. Sto ties are rccounteh that in the slams - that' nlany families sacrificed their ' , poor household furnishings, so pro vide somelbrcad. In one tenement scv- eral star\-ing children were found be fore the Virgin's shrine, praying for food. ' The&lt;Board of Trade has appointed Messrs. Asquith, RntcfciiTe, Ellis, and .dynes, Members of Commons to in quire Into the disputes. The inquiry opens on Monday. strike crowd attacked, tho police, and two constables were serf- V ouslv Injured and conveyed to the Hospital. ft, To-day's Telegrams. leg blown t0 pieces. ' . SYDNEY. Saturdav. a serious bit sting" accident occur > red at Turramurra, on the North. Shore line. Three men had been as sisting at an explosion, when a third charge, of which they had no know ledge, exploded. l»avid >Y£oman, aged 40, a resident of fBarramatta, sus tained verv» serious iniurv. on np ' his legs being .blown to pieces.' He is ; .in a very critical condition. Tho ' other two' men escaped with slight cuts. attempted train wrecking. SYDNEY, Saturday. oeivino uoncui, an Italian, con victed at Glen Innes quarter sessions I on .a charge of having placed an db- stacle on the railway line between. Deepwater and Bolivia, was sentenc ed to ten years' penal . servitude ixx ' Goulbura gaol. french flag insulted. in minister's presence. SYDNEY. Saturd&v. i A representative deputation of tho - . principal French residents in Syd ney, called on the Acting Consul ' General for France, to express tbeis surprise and indignation at the ac tion of the Minister for External Af fairs, in allowing an insult .to the sence, without uttering one word og protest. They ' complained that, act cording to a newspaper report, one of the members of ' a deputation o£ (Presbyterian missionaries, which waited on Mr. Glynn on the 18th instant, in the presence of the Min ister said »«We are almost ashamed to have the British flag entwined with the French flag in the Islands/ and that the Minister allowed this flagrant breach of international eti quette to pass without one word of protest. The Consul was asked to acquaint his Government, of the French resi dents' feeling. Several letters of pro- test were received from Frenchmen residing in other parts of Australia.. The Consul promised to aarluaint his .Government of the great concern that this incident had created -an.ongst his compatriots in Aus- eralia. Mr. Laird Smith In the House of Representatives last week:— I have been advised by telegram that the temporary Hands employed in the Hobart Post Office are not being paid, men in receipt of only £2' or £3 & week have not much left over at the end of the week when their debts nave been paid, and honorable members will understand the lncont venirace to which these officers are being put. I am sure it Is not the idesire, of the .Postmastbtr-Generah that any members of' the public Service should suffer in this Way, but X understand that funds are available for the payment of the men. Surely the Government have not yet been in power long enough to deplete the Treasury. I hope that tfche Minister will inquire into, the matter early , to-morrow, and s in struct that the men' be paid at once. r Mr. Agar Wynne: — If the men referr ed to have not been paid it is not for want of funds. I shall make in- q,uirlcs to ascertain why they have not been paid. 