 NEW-STEAMSHIP LINE.' ' ' Sydney to" London in 26 Days. Considerable' interest ..has been aroused in shipping circles' regarding ' a proposed new line of 1 trans-Pacific steamers, - by nt:ans of which, passengers, and mails irony .-v.aiiey couiu rcaen j&lt;o:iuon nearly a.vrccg earlier than is possible l;y the present route', via : Italy. (says- the Sydney' "Alpru- ing I-Ierqld" of 16th April). / The proposal has emanated from Air. James Hill, the American railway mag nate, and charemau , of . the board of direc tors of the Great Northern Railway sys tem, It .is said that it is Mr. If-V.ll's intention to order -four powerful passen ger steamers and place thenr in tho -trans Pacific service to connect with the I-Iili system of railways in, Seattle. , These stea'iiiers are lo lie larger . ami taster than anything at present running between Sydney and America. , Seattle, which is the terminus of tlie I-Iill railway systems, is to he the port of call for tho new line ' It . is intended that the speed of the new- steamers shall he such as to enable them to cover the journey between Sydney and Seattle ill the short period of 16 days. P.v Ihe -aid oi the fast railways in America aud the sucedly ' Atlantic lines mi lla-. oilier side, of the continent, pas sengers would 'lie landed in -London '-5 or 2.1 (lavs niter leaving Sydney. Besides 'being of great, tonnage, the. ves sels are lo lie fitted up in the most luxurious style, in order lo attract the pas senger traffic. Mr. l-Iill lias hcen closc'iv associated with many railway and steamship ven tures in. tlic past, in 1878 he organised a syndicate, which secured control of the St. Paul and Pacific railroad from the Dutch owners of the securities. He reorganised tin: system as tlie St-, l'aul, Minneapolis, and Manitoba Railway Company, and was its -cneral manager from J 8711 to 18X2, vice-presidcnh 1882-3, and president .1883- 90. ft afterwards became part of the Great Northern Railway system, in the building of wliiijh -Mr. Hill took part. Tllis- extended 'from Lake Superior to Paget. Sound, vvilh northern ancl southern branches, and a direct steamship connec tion with China and Jannn. He 'president; of the entire Great Northern si-stem from 1893 la 1907. and then be came chairman of the hoard oi directors: 