 SYDNEY TO LONDON. In Less than 21 Days. In 1887 the first transcontinental train of the 'Canadian-Pacific railway entered I Vancouver, aud, aided by tho clamour of I a ncw-botn Imperialism, the subject of the All Red Route " came to tlm front isays the Sydney "Morning Herald" of 21st June). It was the late Mr. William ' Hudclart who went to London in the >. early nineties, full of enthusiasm, to : secure support for a line of fast mail ; steamers he dcuircd to establish .between Sydney and Vancouver. His imperialism j was not questioned, but his uelief in the ; commercial success of the scheme he had | at heart did not convince the city. How- \ over, a measure of support was forth- 1 ; coming, and it was soon after that the j line was inaugurated. For years it j ; struggled, if not precisely with adversity, at least with difl'iculbios. To-day a bril- ' ! liant success, it constitutes a monument ' : to one. oi the most unselfish Australians : j that ever lived, a man who loved his ,- land and his Empire, and in the. practical '. though in a sense pioneering, work of establishing the "All red route," has left . : a monument more enduring than one of brass or granite. It was for long cus- : tomary to ridicule what may be termed ' "I-Iuddart's life work;" to-dav it' is re- ! .cognised that lie laid the foundations and I nurtured in its infancy a something whicii j ; has grown to lie the greatest competitor | to the Suez route, for the i carriage oi mans between the Com- ' inpnwealth and the old country, which 1 now exists. Ncvcrthesless, unless vessels ! of- a greater speed are placed in' com-: j mission, there is little to be feared 1 of Suez losing the bulk of its mail ! i carriage. With speedier ships corr.e in- i ..creased' expenditure, and, after- all, when; financial sacrifices are demanded, Imperial- ' ists are somewhat few and far between. Despite the definite and specific ad- vantages the Suez Canal route enjoys, he who runs may read certain writings , on the wail of time which plainly announce : that even the Dc Lesseps route is i doomed. The -trans-Pgrsian railwav, before 1923, will iink the railway systems otf j Europe and India. By "that date tho" | railway viaduct which is to connect the j ' Ceylon and Indian railways', ' via Adam's ! bridge, will have been constructed, at i least such is a reasonable assumption. I Long before this date the joining of Fremantlc with Sydney will be working, and. here alone a saving in mail transit time of at least four days is anticipated. The trans-Pcrsiau railway will bring : Colombo within nine, or ten days ol: London, so, at least, conservative esti mates place it. It.- will then be possible to travel : between' Frcmantle and Lon- i don, assumiog the speed of the vessels between Fremantlc and Colombo enables the distance to be covered m seven days, in practically two weeks and a-half. If a speed of 20 knots is maintained, there will be a reduction ol 16 days, but on the basis of a 25-knot per hour speed, publicists in London have declared - wilf he demanded when the completing spike of the trans-Persian railway is driven, then the western entrance "to the Com monwealth will be within practically a fortnight of the world's metropolis. A gentleman writing recently from the Royal Colonial Institute, maintained that Madras would be the port of embarkation and disembarkation for the Australian-British mails, to be forwarded by rail across Persia. This is a suggestion Avhich, while interesting, does not commend itself upoii examination. It might be urged that: there are ports nearer to Australia tlian Colombo which could be used ' as the Asiatic land terminal. This is true in a measure, but much money would re- quire to he expended before they could be considered, quite independent of a rail way connection many of them do not enjoy. There is one exception in Wcligama, 26 miles ' east-south-cast of Galle, and roughly 90 ir.ilcs nearer Fre mantlc than' Colombo. Situated on a lino bay, with a two miles wide opening, a breakwater, anil some blasting to remove certain: rocks now forming obstructions, would probably make a perfect harbour. The expense would be considered as un warranted, considering its close proximity to. Colombo,, though it is an axiom that mails he carried-: the longer distahce by rail, where possible, at from 30 to 60 iniles an hour,, than- by sea at a speed .of 20 to 25 statute land miles per hour. As in the case of' the Orient line making Taranto its southern. European: mail post-, so in. the future! a safe harbour at ., the extreme south : ot Coylon may be: demanded . by- British and Australian ' shipping interests. , though' the 'saving m time over' 'this whole Journey would lie so infinitesimal ! that it is niore thin open to argument 1 whether .the. facilities Colombo already: I Possesses .will iic supersded. While, there- ' fore, tiie existing mail channel) via the j Suez C'a.nal. may he safely taken as not having a prolonged term ot life to run,- there does not aimcay to be any ground j for. not assuming, that, what maybe de signated tlic lind terminal ports for the Australia-Europe mail service in , the! future, must he Colombo and Frcninntle. i A great Imperial statesman, ami cer tainly one of tiie ablest .Governors Ccy- j ion ever had, Sir West Ridgeway, dc- j clarcd, in connection with now com- ; plcteil railway, running from Colombo to tbe north of the island, . that lie hoped ' to live to see the dav when the Austra- ! liar, passenger would enter his railway j carriage"' at Colombo, and leave it at Calais. Events have moved rapidly in! 13 years, and what may, in 1900, have ' appeared to many as the exaggerated - opinion of a (statesman who lias always j endeavoured to look 'into the future, is i now not very far, as. human , time is. measured,, from the verge of realisation— that is, in the main— the through rail way carriage simile , being regarded more ill the - light ot hyperbole. ' The trans continental railway in Australia, the junction, of ' the Ceylon, Indian, -and'Euro- 'Pcan systems is no' lonver a vague and nebulous proposition. The stage of ton actual lias been readied, and the acnern- tion to follow will witness the. coimilc- tlon of a vast scheme, the effects of which arc not easy to estimate. It is as yet early to .speak of Sydney being brought within ,i fortnight, t.'f I.cn- don at the same time, before dismiss- l ing tbe suggestion witli the word " im possible," , it would be well to bear in mind the remark of the late Lord Kel vin respecting the use of. that adjective. OnR tiling is certain— a continuation of the 31-33 dav service, which represents the regular! mail time in this year ot grace, - cannot he cxuccte.d to continue. An alternative monthly service, giving 20 days' transit, is now nrovided, via San Francisco,- but the drawbacks of a ser vice, however excellent in itself, . which presents such' long intervals, missesses.in a commercial sense ilisndvantiiv.es which cannot' be overlooked. In addition to tlic sentimental side or the benefits, in an Imperial sense, speede mail c-imniunica- lions bring about, there are those nurelv business or commercial advantages which are almost legion. To' name otic, bills in transit, is to indicule not- the least im- ' portant. The Panama Canal, will not offer u mail service which, from tlic point of view of expedition, can ever lie seriously compared to that which will lie given to Sydney citizens, via Fremantlc, Ceylon, India, .Persia, Russia, and Germany. 