 . 'NEW STEAMSHIP LINE. Sydney to London in :26 Days. Considerable interest -has been aroused in shipping circles regarding a proposed new linn 'of ' trans-Paciiic stqaincrs, - by ii'.ians- of which iiassencers and mails from Sydney could reach. London nearly .week curlier than is. possible .by the present route via Italy (says the Sydney "Morn ing Ilernld" sdl 18th April). " '-v The proposal has emanated- from -Mr. James Hill, tho American railway mag nate, and chairman of the board, of direc tors of the Great Northern Railway sys tem., ..It is - said that it is -Mr. ttlill's -intention to order four powerful passen ger steamers anil place tiient in the tians Pacific' service to connect with the Hill system ot railways in Seattle. These steamers ' are to be larger and faster than anything at present running between 1 Sydney and .America. Seattle, which is ihe terminus of the Hill railway systems, is to he the port of call for the new line. It- is intended that the speed of the new steamers shall lie such as to enable them to cover Hid journey between Sydney and Seattle ia t.hc short period of HI 'days. By the aid of the fast railways in America and tho speed I y Atlantic lines on. the other side of the continent, pas sengers would lie landed in London '-5 or 26 days, nftei leaving Sydney. Besides being of great tonnage, the ves sels are 1o l(c fitted up in the most .luxurious stvle, in order to attract the pas senger traffic. Sir. l-lill has been closely associated with many railway and steamship ven tures in the past. In 1X78 lie organised a syndicate which secured control of tho St> Paul aud Pacific railroad from the' D.utcli owners of t-he securities. He reorganised thu system as the St. Paul, Minneapolis, anil Manitoba Railway Company, and was its gdfieral manager from , 1879 to 1882, vice-president 1882-3. and president 1883- 90. It afterwards became part of the Great Northern Railway system, in the building ol which Mr. Hill took _ part.' This extended Irom Lake Superior to Paget Sound, with northern and southern branches and a direct steamship conncj t-ion with China and Japan. He was president of the entire Groat Northern system Bom 1893 to 1907. and then be came chairman of the board of directors. 