 OUR SYDNEY LETTER. THE I-fiVIr'i'. AND HAMIULIN?G IT. FIVIE. PRT'II'Y EXPENSIVI MOTORt C.LRS.-WE MUST LIFT THILAT QUARANTIN'E.--THE "NO LICENSE" PEOPLE ACTIVE.-A CURIOUS AP PEAL FROM. LONDON.-ThAFALGARt DAY. -.ELECTRICAL SPARKS IN o(OAL. MINES. . . .S...SDNEY Woedncsday. Local "authorites' a awal eening to the quoatlon--how' the railways are go lng to botul tho hlrvcst. It is cemtindtcd at36,t00S,050 bushels, and beyond all doubt will be a record. What occurred with tile 32,Uh0,0ti0 bussel harvest-the last one 0 It trited the resources of the department to the utmost, and complaints were fre luent, painful, and free. Il to mything becn done to better the then position Not much, and cerlnlaly not enough to count. But for the umuarieu lu ide WVe are told that the blame rests wlith the Govcrnmcnt, who hrave dilly dallied, back ed and hled, nod otherwise iailed to ap prcclato their obliogulous. Notlnlg cunl be morn direct than this : "The coming llarvest' tis going to test our ralway sys tmn to the limt, and minst of its Iccemlu IstLing frlbion will develop t s her Coen try people thinkr tit should show Icast in Sydory--tanonl to Gloverlmem lt parsl moinoy rnd inodlfferene." Followiug this are a series of ucetlan. ItI farmers can not got their grain to port of what ihe growing it ' if thiiesrlcltltvisst is given to understand that a bumper harvest manvs itniog up grain at the station will lie waste his time and oenergy eudneavour Ing to viroduce so muwe ? Of what use telling the people who are not on the s1l1 to oso no time in getting there If they are denied suifclyetlit troo ?i nd as'on, and so oll, ald this, mind you, from a quarter which speahsd of olter debt, which directly or indirectly attacs the Govoern momt whenever lhev propose to invite the investor nbroad tolhelp them build more lines and provide 10or0 equiplment, and which spcnhs of our taxation as sbmothing to be alarnmtd abhout, iiow iln the nrame of goodness 'is the State to provido the mnachincry for handling what its producers gfet from te soil unless by increasing thi, investment u The condemnation amounts to finding fault with tm Government, hot efor having' "borrowed" so much but for having "horrowed" so little. The blame does not rest with thu Government, bu't with those. who'have made their tansk so oxtraurlinarlly tdloicul. Their "paroimony" forsooth, - whcen. for the last trle years they have been accused of every coxtrav sanco under' the sun. That the Stato 11s failed to keep pace with natioel devel opment is only too clear. It has charged itself with certain great commercial work, carrying the chif, and while the privato operator has put dowvn capital wholesale to cope with the demand, it has idulgsod In at halting uolry, hut-not of Its own faulIt, If only one way could the Govern ment ensur a rope r qope uipmect for the cardryng and handling of a bumper bar ont when this Is plus .so many other calls, and that was iy going on to the Englieh market and bidding for the capi tal necessary to provide it. To hamper the Government as much as passible thei State has beeu painted in gloomy colours Tin the world's chief finaoncial' centre, and. a cermanent protest raised against pay Ing a' highor "wage" to Itho investor. when capital, tltko everything else, has required a helter return. Tho farmor, If he is cornered, must Ia ; the blame hi the right quahrtcr, and not the wrong. It ios delightful to have the chenco of sending other people's money. The City Councn ls suofering from a revelation in regard to the upgleep of its motor cars. appearenwy it has rfivel already, and Sants another. In the disecussion that ensucd at' the last meeting of the finance committee Ititmanspred that the presoent cars cost £480 each to maintain. This Includes.the wages of drivers, up keep, and depreclation. Now, £4s0 a year is £ u n a woo,. Can any private owner say that his car costs him the half of it? Presumably .the counclss ears are not 'driven night and day, and that one driver for each sufilces.--'Put his wages down at e£3. Wvhat then would the petrol cost and the repairs? A more extrava gant upheep of yehicles it would be dim cult to..imaglne. The proposal to get a sixth ear, to cast, no doubt, another £480 a year. was very, properly votoed,- Some of the aldermen' cnsidored that it would be bhtter to get. rId'of the existing vehicles as-well. If It was angudd, the council's employeos hired taxi's instend, it would' be far cheaper ? hatdoes a car'such asltha couficll would use oost? Perhaps '£700ter -£fi. 'There Is the in terest on that- to conslder. :As' a car Wears out, one costing £800' may he said' to run. awasy"with £3 awee lc'for interest and sinking. fund.. Add this tof,'£ 4e, and truly the .council's cars arc'antxpenslvo luxury.' 'Tho' flvoe "ll' 10 -yoiold account foraoor a outlay, as so compassed, of nearly £0 a.weoek or -£2600:a year. It this Is'a spceiinen of City Council expen dlIturo, nowonder It needs money, always needs money, and always will need It. . . . . ... . . ·?,: ... ..,:II· .·.. . . SNecessity compels 'sonaiae frther-men tion of smanllpox. WThlataroe we going to do .about the 'qurantlnod? Whlle-winter was with us the oplinsonwas genoral that ths ise dlsewaos lnlked with 'cold weather -tnhat the emom t sprling came It, would disappear. Apparently time weather has nothing' to with It; or at best .very little. As we cannot shale things off, are we to remain 'dnder' the' u'ban of the o ederai authortlcs' for'over? "It ts no seeret tha the city-is. sufferiongan'immense less In b usiness,. Whlle.thero i1 no sure data for the estimate, it is prctty certain that the loss to date Is'not far short of a million of money. The amount of unenmployment i!tl unlionlsteIs Lobtainable from the re turns.' Unfortu'nately 'the only one the Writer has boxes up theentire olx States.. There is therefore, no sure moansen .o dateriulning the amount of unemployment In Neow South Waits and then In Sydney. What Is determinable .is this-the pcr centage of ounemployment. just, now is hliher than it has been for the seven pre cedlng years. 'Sydney' will have to raise a very emphatlevoic if she is to succeed in getting the quarantine removed. Sup pose canses .occur rlght.'through summer, and thei Increfaso the follo'lngwtinter. Are ie to he. banned, and barred for all eternity? ,.. - The. "No-Li" people are getting ready. At the Town Hall on Monday they had a croivded metng-the "oponln: demon stration." The Lord Iayor delivered a characteristic address--short, terse, and outspoken. Ho said he had been a tee totallor practically all his life, which, of course, is different to being practicalely a teetotaller for that porled. Where he differed from those present was In re spect of compensation. They objected to It, ansd he thought it just. Heo drew at tention to the fact that the Ineeting re presented 212,000 people of llke mind, or ia lintb of the population. Ilr.-D. R. Hall, Minister for JustIce, condemned the llquor trafic right out. IIe thought it ridIculous for ii people weho spent .e 7,t000,000 on liquor to denounce tIle Governsment fo extravagance. Just here it Is as wiell to say that the people do not spend anything of the kind--not on lhuor. What they spend tis oh liquor, plus ' bottle, plus cork, plus label, plus duty, plus hotel oex penscs, llus pubilcan's profit, There Is never any need to oxagerato to makelt Scase. Indeed exaggeration sposils even tli best case. Vhero ytr. Hall Inado a point was In submlttlng as a set-off to the national gain through duty and.llc onso the largo ninount of crime whlchl IS attributable to drink, either directly or IndIrectly, and the largo amount of Insanity which may be traced to the ntamo thing, either directly or by pre dlsposition. ThP latter Is the stronigest argument of all, So far as offendure agalnet thie law are concerned, the court can deal wlth thiem as often as they appear; but no court can deal with the degeneration whlch results from thIm over-indulgonce of drink. Th1 Dlrectosp. General for the Insane tells us that drink is rcsponslllo for 17 out of every hundred cases. What of the cfifect on the children of nmen or women of that typo? There ' l a certain disease which men of tile worldtl will hobe able to name from tils baro mention. Dr. Chisholm Ross lhad said that tho hIerlitary taint tlroughl liquor is oven moro pronounce. A little drink dooes few any harm, but the troublo is to limit It to a little Now and agail we get stories of writers 1ed poets, artists and the like, twho do their bhot work "under thie nllucnca." It Is a silly libel. No meal can do any sort of good brain work unloes Ills brain Ie clear. Au well say that a mIn1 can walk a Uighlt rope all tho better through let, lug a broken lo8g. Some curious appeals are made In Ausg tralia, Thtus Mr. Sydney Holland, Knees. worth hall, wants nlotney for the London HIospital, anl apparently all that Is re. qulired is £30,000 to add to £70,000 in tand. ,Vlhy ask Australlia? Mlr. Holland haltes out tihe best caHe pOssible, hbut does not Improve Ills circular appeal with this lphraso--"I ask yout to 1elp In thle hIour of Its greatest need Englend' largest hospital in its pooreet and God forsaken corner, W\titeehapel." Tlera oughtt to have becol no need for the term "God-forsakon." Hlowever, Australia has enough to do to maintain her own hIoa. pltals. Is IEngland in such a bad way as to need to sendti the Iat round tihe Emplre for £30,000-- country thle Welthl of which is'ostlmated at somothltig like £5,000.000,000? ?Ir. t-Iollatnd s0ys that the charitably-disposed have buttoned uD their Iockltotl throughl legislation. Pre cleely! If iMr. Lloyd-Goorgeo has the bulk of thie people behind hitIi In his de cldedly vinegary policy, thln It li only reasonable to oepect thlat thiosec who have been tile mainstay of England's many charities wilt bhtton tp their pockets and snap theior Lteeth tolether at tile name timae But why, because of this, shoutld Australia. unbuttont her pockots? WVithottt Intcn'dlng It, gentlotrtt llto Ile., Itolhld do tite Enmpiro hIarin. It is n0t pretty to ;co thle greatest nation on earth Itlcadlltg for pence anlong lthe ai pendencies. It lowers the national dig. nity alnd wounds the national pride. Re. verso tile calse! What shoullld we say it the iteadstl of tho Sydney hIospital seat a circular appeal to Londlon for a fow thousand pounds, declaring wtih It that our rel resources Were exhausteId? Wo sllould rap them over the knuckloes for so lowering us in the eyoe of the world. Some time ago another such appeal wao nladeo ore. and tlhe writer thinklts itl VaIn. Australitns are not uncharitable, rather thie reverse, but as we know chlarity be. gins at Iomne, nd in the case of. robust nations In tlteir relations wlth othter rob. ust nuatboni tays tllera When San IF'ran. csco was 'quaked" what wan the Ameri can answer to the offers of the world? The authorities thanked all countrI.es for their generous spirit, but said thart San Francisco could rceotvo no help. ex. copDt from Americans on the solL Trafalgar Day bas come agats, and gona again-the 0bthi atnniversary. Kr. Bur goyno, editor of the Navy rLagtt asnnual. nmd 10ow vlsititng Australia, says he re jolces to see that we keep that famoos victory evergreen. We do, and we shall continue. Oue thing he says ts aorti re peatlng--"It is an Incontrovertible fact that though great battles took place be fore 1S01 .... not one has approach itl Trafalgar aos factor In the determil. atlon of world power." A careful re. view of all that has happened since will result In this being cn?orsed. Greasy, Ia his "Decisive Battles." does not attempt to describe thile greatest-not necessarll so, anyhow. What he means by "declslve" Is decisive of world power-batiles which, as they resulted, altered or shaped the dlesllnes of mankind. So with 'i'aigar. -lad the British failed, the Empire of now would never have been formed. It Is not generally koown that in the years of contest the Brl?ish Navy lad betea crippled. Why did Sir John Jorvls say at St. Vincent that a victory was esss. tlalo It was because scorej of British £hips had been smashed. Mr. Burgoyne says that Trafalgar Day Is not Intendc4dl as an insult to the French. It ought to he quite lmnocsoary to keep on repeat ing that assurairnce. 'Iltho Britttdh met more than the French at Trafalgar; they met the Spaniards. If an apology Is noeeded .for France, then one, too, is noeed ed for Spain. EGthor natlon Is tio gal lant to requlire us to slnotlIer the an niversary for fear of wounding its clscep. tibllities. Mr. Burgoyne says something else-flno!--in respect of eustralla's Navy. Thus--"AustralIa, a child amongso nations, one of a grand imperial blood, buhas Joined the galaxy of sea powers! There Is an immediate lesson in this oeventa-the Commonwealth has not only pointed the way, she has taltken It. At the Labour Congreso at tbhe Trade Hall on Monday, a motion was carried to convey ithe sympathy of the unions here to ,the woves and families of thoso who lost their lives in' the Welsh CollIery disaster. Mr. Willis, Southern Distrclt Colliery employees, had something to say respectlng the dangerous conditions In whichl so -many colliers work. What lie said with respect to thlis country can hard ly.'le passed over, if correct. As a con celuding remark, Ie sunggested that we should have Inspectors of mines, who, while paid by the State, would be appoin ted by the men. Mr. James Thomsoul Northern miners, followed with certainl important information relatlve to olectri cal machinery. He doe-:lared that the safety lamp hiad been rendered nugatory by thlsilnnovulton., In ,lla opinlon the clectrIcal sparks were a thousand times more dangerols tlma the old flare lights. Is thls'truo cf not? IL.true. then It Is a very gravo matter. New South Wales does not want a Welsh explosion. If such occurred, and It. could be traced to State unegleit, we should nover forgive ourselves. A mall does not need to be a minller to understand tlhe danger of a naked light. Is a "naked spark" In the same re lalttn? Now Is the time for the miners to seuk, oven: as dt is for everyone else, One oin three years the chance Is giveh; and it should bh made the most of. CtrRONO. 