 SOLDIERS IN LONDON »' . 4 ASHMEAD-BARTLETT LETTERS SYDNEY BOY'S ROSE DAY RUSE AUSTRALIAN FLOWER GIRLS (From Our Special Representative.) LONDON, Wednesday, Juno 23. An Australian receives more honor in Great Britain at the present moment than perhaps he does in his own Commonwealth. For this we have to thank Mr. Ashipead- Bartlott, who is out at the Dardanelles repre senting the great dallies published In London. By the greatest bit of good luck Imaginable, fortune ordained that he should witness the landing of our fighting men upon the Galll- poll ' Peninsula, und the wonderful story which he then wrote gave the people of Eng land their first_j:.roper impression of what our Dominion is doing in the common cause. Since reading that wonderful epic they have been striving to mako up for many years neglect of everything" that has been grouped carelessly under the heading Colonial. -To say you were an Australlan-l.'orn this day year was to know that after you were gone the people with wnom you conversed referred to yon condescendingly as a Colonial. To mention to-day that you are a citizen of the Commonwealth Is to be received with the glad hand, nnd to be welcomed with open arms. The thousands of papers printed In Great Britain are vlelng with one another In their efforts to- publish the most graphic stories of the feats of our Australian con tingents. Again this morning they devote columns to a spirited narratlvo which Mr. Ashmead Bartlett has written of the Turks' greut as sault during the third week of May. It is a very belated story, and under ordinary journalistic conditions it would have been dismissed in a brief paragraph. "But there is a demand in England for news concerning our. picturesque and heroic soldiers, and every paper gives prominence to this de spatch. Mr. Ashmead Bartlett has seen much of adventure. He was on board tho battle ship Majestic when she was torpedoed in the straits. Jack Tars, scurrying for safety, 'begged him to leave the sinking ship. He calmly remained until the last possible mo ment, then plunged Into the sea, and was picked up by a destroyer which had has tened, to the spot. Tho whole of his kit and belongings went to the bottom of tho straits. Ho had to return to England to obtain a now outfit. While ho was away Mr. Compton M'Konzie, the novelist, who is serving as a lieutenant with this Expeditionary Force, acted as substitute for Mr. Ashmead Bartlett, but there is a vast difference between the novel writer and the war correspondent. Mr. Compton M'Kenzio's one and only despatch was a very pretty post-impressionist picture of a day'3 sea and land fighting, but it lacked tho human interest which grips. Mr. Ashmead .Bartlett's return to the front was therefore a matter of congratulation to Aus tralians. When ho first went to the front his salary was fixed at £1800 a year. AVhilst he was In London at the end of May it .was Increased by £100 a month, so that lie Is at present drawing at the rate of £3000 a year, which Is a larger salary than any war correspondent has been paid in the annals of Fleet -street. Australia, owing him so much, can well say he is earning It. RECORD ROSE DAY SALES This is Rose Day, Queen Alexandra's Day, and the streets of London ure filled with pretty women and girls in white, (limy, sum- met dresses, selling artificial roses. Thirty million blossoms were made, and before tho day ends most of them will have been con verted Into coin of the realm. The gentle pestering of pedestrians in the Strand has been allotted to Australian ladies who are in London. They are experiencing record sales. No more people aro using the Strand than last year. On the contrary, street traffic has perceptibly diminished. The only explanation — und I am confident it is the correct one— is that Londoners aro pur posely going out of their way to bestow their patronage upon the Australians in or der to exhibit their , kindly feeling towards us. .Organised by Bliss Mitrgaret Baxter, the Australian vendors are: — Lady M'Bride, Bliss M'Bride, Lady Newton-Bloore, Lady Robinson, Lady Coghlan, Miss Coghlan, BIrs. Duniop-Jackson, Bliss Blalla Dempster, BIrs. Arthur Berrlli, Mrs. H. BI. Blorun, BIrs. H. Burton, the Blisses Bell, the Blisses Fox, BIrs. Hepncr.and Bliss Chomley. The Agents- General for Victoriu, Queensland, and West ern Australia entertained them at luncheon, and in the afternoon Bliss Baxter was the hostess of a number of wounded Australians, who naturally gravitated to tho Strand. About 4 o'clock this afternoon ono of the very prettiest of the very pretty Australians who were selling Alexandra roses, glanced alertly around, sighed complacently, and said, "Yes, I think everyone has one now. I should like a cup of tea." She was quite correct; cveryono had one. In tho centre of the city, at all events, every man, woman, arid child, down to the baby In arms, wore a pink and whito Imitation dog rose. The sol diers wore them in lhe!r caps, tho police in their helmets. Even out-at-elbows hawkers vending toys, which do not return the In come of a Blldas, sported tho rose of charity. A group of almond-eyed Chinese who were trudging along the Strand in Celes tial single-file, jabbering wonderlngly to one another, were held up by one particularly daring patrol, and each Chlneso stood like a bronze statho while his blue Nankeen jacket had a button-holo pinned to It. They were obviously puzzled as to what great national festival they wore helping to celebrate. Pos sibly they thought It was Ll-Hung Lloyd George's birthday. A young soldier from Sydney, new to the Sights of London, with a Turkish bullet through his shoulder by way of credential, was good enough to explain tho proper stra tegy for Alexandra Rose Day. Ho said It was the result of experience and thought, and should bo coded In the military text-book. The thing was to buy your, rose right away from the first reasonably nice girl that you met. Then you pinned it carefully insldo your hat and strolled round. You were sure to be . pulled up every ten yards or so. If tho sweet mendicant was merely so-so, you smiled blandly and politely raised your hat. If she wrs too fetching for'words you dallied gently, then showed your rose, and finally you bought another. When that young gen tleman's shoulder Is .quite all right again and hie returns to the Dardanelles, General Blrdwood should get him co-opted to hl3 staff. BRAVE STAGE SUFFERERS There was generous competition between our Australians and the regiments of ac tresses who were privileged beggars for the r.once. For that matter there were several Australians amongst tho actrossos, who were doing a tremendous business In their allotted block Ht tho West End. Stageland came off second best, because its arts are apt to bo artificial, and though favorites of tho foot lights have an irresistible attraction for tho knut and the old man about towa, they do not make tho Bamo appeal to the rest of mankind. It Is regrettable that they did not all fill their money-boxes, because It wus very brave of them to go forth so lightheartedly when the profession is threatened by a very disas trous eclipse. If you were to browse over tho penny pictorials you would find many pictures of seductive scones on the Thames with well-known actresses indolently reclin ing In beaUtifully-fltted boats. Seeing them and reading that a week-end night club has been established in Blaldenhoad, close to Boulter's Lock, where tho miracle of Ascot Sunday Is annually recreated, you might run away with tho Idea that they havo no troubles or worries In this world, and that they havo washed In the waters of Paclolus. Australians, both mnlo and femnle, who arc. In polite professional parlancp, resting, could tell you a totally different tnle. The atre after theatre is closing. Provincial cir cuits are in a chaotic condition. New con tracts can only be completed at a heavy re- duction of salary. It is a truism that in England, once an uctor or an actress Is taken to tho heart of tho public, he or she can do no wrong, und will always havo an audience. At least It was a truism until spring of this year. Blr. Fred. Terry and Bliss Julia Niolson have discovered this by having to close their theatre after u vain effort to securo sufficient money through tho treasury to keep their company' going, It only as a bread and butter concern, Mr. Terry has amassed p. fine fat competency, but lie could not afford to keep on losing money in largo lumps, so ho lind to cut his losses. Several other theatres aro on tho point of closing up. Mr. Cyril Maudo la abandoning his lease of The Playhouse, and betaking himself to America. La Scala, the colored picture theatre, Is no more, und theatrical managers arc this week cpnfcr- rlng with" the object of deciding whiph of them shall in turn cease to produce shows during the summer, which is Inevitably a dull amusement season. Only the muslc- luills and tho variety theatres, witli their revues, are exempt from tho financinl crisis, and even one of them has been driven to importing a Blontmartro revue, which was naughty in Paris, but bowdlcrlaed is only in ane in London. The silver lining to the cloud Is that the chorus boy Is threatened with extinction. He lias been banished altogether In a musical comedy at the Garrlck. nnd his disappear ance suggests a final admonition to tho painted youths who have supplied tho back ground for musical shows to betake them selves to tho nearest recruiting sergeant. At the Garrlck there Is a chorus consisting en tirely of girls, a state of things which one cynical young maiden at rehearsals likened to "beef without mustard." Sonio theatrical managers are not cnlhUBla3tlc about the sub stitution. Tlity have been able to bully tho ladles of the chorus for many, many years. When the men have all been thrust Into khaki the boot will bo on tlio othor foot, and the modest coryphees will bo able to bounce tho mnnnger. These Jottings from stageland aro by tho way, and have thrust themselves Into tho story because of tho circumstances of tho day. Tho feature of tho city happenings that stamped Itself In letters of pain and pride on every Australian now here was the realisation, by thoso who live in tho henrt of Britain, how gloriously the soldiers of tho Commonwealth had suffered in the common cause. Tho truth of the graphic relations which roused tho British Parliament to un stinted cheers had gone homo to tho hearts of the people, jyustralla was no longer a vague nnd insignllicunt corner or the Empire. Australian promises were no more considered as misty nnd unsubstantial things. The won derful story of their reckless storming of the Gullipoli benches had struck the populur imagination, nnd whon hnlf-crlpplcd survi vors of that splendid und sorrowful time were sten In London streets, us living evi dence of what the Britons of the outer seas had dared and done, there was no word of pralso too high for tho man whose uniform proclaimed him to bo an Australian. 