 ANZAC DAY IN SYDNEY AND IN LONDON. The First Battalion Leading the Procession of Returned Soldiers in Sydney. ]V,rOUNTKD police cleared the way. Then c:imo soldiers carrying the Union .Tack, the Australian flat;-, ?*-'-*? .Did rhe ilag of the Returned Soldiers' A-s.n-iation, followed by the ?'Aiizaes'' Band, and representa tives ot the 3sr, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Battalions. The Jiilles Kescrve Hand led the 2nd Battalion, and the pipe 'iand was in front of the 4th Battalion, whieli was oiiinnally formed largely of .Scotsmen. The Light Horse, following, were led In' a number ot trumpeters, and then came the St It Infantry. Engineers, and Artillery, and representatives of 32th, INih, Hth, ]7th, 18th, 19tli, and 20th Infantry. The. Army Service Corps, Army Medical Service men, a number of naval, und a mixed company of nil services formed the remainder of the marching men. The Tramway Band, Professional Musicians' Baud, and several cadets' bands were placed at suitable points in the procession. I — . ? BRILLIANT sunshine prevailed i'or the An/.iie. Day commemoration in London. Enormous -crowds gathered along the route of (.he procession, while thousands thronged near Westminster Abbey and cheered the troops. The demon - strat ion created a tremendous impres sion on Londoners. The crowd re peatedly pave a chorus n£ 'coo-ees.' The procession from King's Way to Westminster Abbey was tliroiiRn packed streets. The crowds were de corous. The heroes were greeted with hand-clapping, waving of handluv clnets, occasional concerted 'Hip, hip, hurrahs,' and some Australian 'eoo-ecs,' which the Londoners vain ly essayed to imitate. Many ladies t n rew llow-ers to the soldiers. A group of nurses and sisters stood outside Charing Cross hospital. The fine physique of the colonials attracted universal attention. The New Zea landers were headed by a magnificent Si. Bernard dog. their mascot. The Maoris were given a specially warn greeting. THE King and Queen travelled from Windsor, and were accorded a great ovation in the streets. West minster Abbey was crowded when they arrived. The Dean and Sub-Dean, in rich copes, and others of the Chapter, headed by the choir, received the Royal couple. The procession up the nave was headed by the choir. The King and Queen alone with the clergy ascended the steps into the Saeri rium, wire re their Majesties knelt ar, the prie-dieu. In the course of a short, simple service the Dean pro notmced the Eulogium of the heroic dead, saying: — 'Let us unite in praiso and thanksgiving for those our bro thers who died at Gallipoli for King and Empire, in the high cause of freedom and honour. More especially do we commemorate the names of the following troops who took part in thj landing: — Australians: 1st to Sth In fantry Brigades, 3st to 16th Light Horse Regiments, 1st to 3rd Artillery Brigades, with Engineers. Army Ser vice, Veterinary, Ordnance, IsTaval Bridging, and Medical Corps. Ne»v Zealanders: Divisional a^id Infantry Brigade, Headquarters Auckland. 'Wel- lington, Canterbury, and Otago Bat talions, w ith Field Artillery. Engi neer?. Army Service, and Medical Corps. All these fought most valiant ly, and their deeds will be remem bered evermore. Their memorial is already inscribed in men's hearts. In 'uture ages sous of the Empire will seek to emulate the imperishable re nown of their daring and bravery. Wo resolve, by God's gracious favour, that our brothers shall not have laid down their lives in vain.' After singing Kipling's 'Recessional' and the pro nouncement of the Benediction, tile 'Last Post' rang out from 15 bugles. Du W. VI. Hughes, f.U., Australia's JTnme Minister, in Lngiand. AX the right^of the picture is Sirs. Hughes, and beside her is M'r. Andrew Fisher. At Edinburgh Univer sity last week Mr. Hughes, whose recovery from his unfortunate illness has given great pleasure in Australia, was given the degree of Doctor of Laws. The Freedom of the City of Edinburgh was sub sequently presented to Mr. Hughes in a silver casket. The hall was crowded with people, including councillors, in their red and ermine robes, Lady Linlithgow, and Major Munro Ferguson, brother of the Governor-General of Australia. In a -striking speech Mr. Hughes said: — '\Mien men say nothing now divides England and Germany worth the sacrifice of a single life, it fills tne with anger and nausea. lAervthing divides us. The gulfs between heaven and hell, are not wider. The pallid, flabby, spineless, inter nationalism in which pacificists have wrapped themselves is the measure of their anaemic souls. The pathway to liberty can only be travelled bv those willing to make sacrifices. Is it nothing that Ger many should stand upon Belgium's entrails amidst smoking ruins, outraged women, and murdered chil d'tn, and sir.ki::g ships like bloody-minded pirates? Who dares suggest we should make _ peace with men whose fingers are dripping with blood? Germanv is responsible for the suicidal competition in arma ments. The whole world desired peace— even long-suffering America, after heaped Insults, sent an ulti matum. Peace now would mean national degradation and economic ruin. There can be no peace until this hypocritical, treacherous, barbarous naticn is beaten to its knees.' AS the procession returned to the west door the King stepped lo the .south transept, whetr over a hundred wounded were accommodated. Troop. -r (icange, oi' the tiih Wellington Mounted Battalion, lying on pillows in an ..i valid carriage with a shattered spine, attracted the King's notice. His Ma jesty shook hands and spoke a fc-\v words of sympathy, and then rejoined the Queen in the procession, which then moved towards tli-e door. The congregation was highly represent tive of the State and army, and included Lord Kitchener, Gene ral and Lady Birdwood. l'rin e Alexander ot Battenburg, General Sir William Robertson, General Maxwell. General Sir Ian Hamilton, Lord and Plunket, Lord and Lady Tennyson, Lord and Lady D-enman, Lord and Lady Dudley, Lord Milrter, the Lord Mayor, Sir Thomas and Lady Mac kenzie, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes. Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Fisher. Sir George an:l Lady Reid, Captain and Mrs. Muirhead Collins, Major-General Hutton, Lady Linlithgow, Lady Northcotv4, La 1 y Newton-Moore, the Agents-General, and the Archbishop of Canterbury, j who was in the congregation. Mr. Asquith and several members of the Cabinet were unable to attend owin..; to the state of affairs in Ireland. Large wreaths were placed on the altar from the old boys of Wanganui College School and from the 29th Division 'To Comrades in Arms.' EIGHT hundred- men and oflico-s and the Australian officials were entertained at lunch-eon at the Hotel Cecil. Mr. Hughes in addressing the assembly said: — 'We who knew iiie Anzacs never doubted how they would comport themselves amidst the hor rors of modern war. Yet their acts outshon-e expectations, and the world stood thrilled in wonder. You have won a place in the temple of the immortals. The world has haile.l you as heroes. The British Army has claimed you as brothers in arms. The citizens of the Empire are proud to call you kinsmen. Your glorious valour has uplifted your fellowciti zens to heights unseen before, inspir ing them with a newer and nobler conception of life. You have taught them that through self-sacrifice alon '1 men and nations can be saved. Upon this foundation true patriotism rests The spirits of the dauntless men wlio.«e bodies lie on the peninsula urge us to press on to victory. When you return to Australia, you will get the appreciation you deserve.' After the luncheon naval units from the Mel bourne, Kent, Excellent. Cerberus, and Vernon headed a procession whica marched from the Strand to Trafa! gar-square, through cheering crowds. In the evening there was a striking' successful concert in His Majesty s Theatre. ? ?___ ? 