 THE LATEST. TO-DAY'S CABLES. THE MESOPOTAMIA!* VICTORY . GREATEST YET. AIR FIGHTING AT YPltESV RAIDS OVER LONDON. HEAVY ARTILLERYING AT YPRES SYDNEY, ^Tuesday. two squadrons of enemy aircraft passed over the coast on Sunday night. There was intense norial fighting over tho Thames E«tfuary. London's anti-aircraft gunfiro was the heaviest ever known. Four bombs were droppev, one failing in a Ciuirch-yard . One Gothti, driven from London, passed ovo-- the riverside resorts, dropping bombs in the fields. Two incendiary bombs were dropped on Essex. One raide.4 succeeded in escaping. Sight were hemmed in by shells, but finally crossed tne coast inward. .Marshal Haig reports.' ? There.-- r-is' marked hostile artillerylng east ward and northward of Ypres in the Neuport sector. The Admiralty reports: Naval air craft on Saturday night dropped sev eral. tons of bombs with.soc-d results' on Lockgates, Zeebrugge, and St. Denie, and it is thought on an'oero droine at Brugeoius, works, and trains. ?'? . They caused largfj lives at St. Lenis. There wero t-averal aerial combats. Two en'jmy ma chines were dc&troved anil ono Urivoo down boyond control. ? Wo ' also drove down a Gotha, beUw-i3. to be damaged . \ All of oura returned . ' The 'Mesopotamia^ succosj Is 'con sidered' the greatest victory' wou' orl the Euphrates. It is the most com ? I plete since the beginning, of. the I Mesopptamian campaign. ' .' An official report of Sunday nlghtls raid over London rfays nine were killed and 42 injured. It -s re ported that an enemy machine' wus brought down off Dover. A Russian official message saya: — We pressed back enemy posts in the 1'ftalafarm sector, in Riga section, advancing 1000 yards. The Italians completely repulsed attacks, on Bainsizza Plateau; The prisoners are now. 2019. We ro pulsed attacks on Valkifmo. captur ing a large quantity of ammunition and explosives. A wireless Gorman official message, reports „ intense artillery ing tr.cni the coast to the Ypres D?n-l . ?-., Tho Anglo-French airmen wrought con siderable damage in .Belgium; .Nu merous civilians were vic^nis. Our airmen bombed military buildings and warehouses of inner London, al so Margate and Dover. All- re turned . 