 HEROIC FRENCf^ EFFORTS. ? -- ;; _ LONDON, ;Monday; The principal week ends developments in the west have been on the French front. '? The British advance has slowed down as ths country they have to cross between A--ras ann Peronne is smashed by the terrific eight months' bombard ments. Nevertheless, the British :are already astride the famous Hindenburg Hue be iw«o \_uLaurai at. jjueutin. As a result of ths capture of Roisel and Vermans the Freuch were able to ad vance more rapidly as the bombardment farther south have been less severe. Their operations on the Oise aud the western horder of the great wooded St. Goban Plateau near Loan are most promising. The French are now threat ening to turn the Hindenburg line as a result of their successes at Lafere, where the line is already partially broken. They further captured important posi tions south of St. Quentin.-' '?? ' THE LATEST. TO-DAY'S CABLES. BIPORTANT RUSSIAN ADVANCE. Sydney, Tuesday. ?i he Russians, in pursuing the Turks, have entered the ' Valley of Mosul, the 'walled town of Asiatic Turkey on the right Dank of the Tigris, and 220 miles from Bagdad. The Germans deny the rumours of a great fire at Hamburg, but admit serious riots. . The total net expenditure on the British army last: year was 543 millions sterling. The French inflicted serious losses on the enemy on the Assigny-Beny front, and entirely maintained the positions the captured the previous day. Five enemy aeroplanes were down, ed north of RheimR. The French air squadron, dropped tons of bombs on enemy factories,, and a railway station. The Russians have occupied' the fortifications of Kalaichahin, the Turks maintaining themselves on heights near Meantaga. j Serbian advices confirm the report of serious risings in Serbian terri. tory against the Bulgarians, whosa harshness made life unendurable. It fs reported that armies of 150,000 of entirely Germans, an being formed in Mexico to seize the Mexican Government and confiscate American and British property, and make war on the United States. It is ostimated that 1000 Germans are crossing daily into Mexico. It is believed the Germans have 32,500 British prisoners, of whom 8762 are traced to Turkey. There are . the Mildest rumours in London. The whole country was excited with crowded streets, await, ing the newspapers during the week euu.r . . xuu ruuiuurs lUClUUCu tne destruction of Margate and Rams, gate, and the invasion of Scotland, the sinking of two German trans, ports; und the capture 'of the third, whilst' Zeppelins were j supposed to be like snowflakes over the south, east of England. These were f ol. lowed b,y widespread rumors .of a revolution in Germany,' a]so that 80,000 Germans had surrendered to the' British; all being baBeleM. 