 London to Sydney in Five Days; The Loudon correspondent of; the! "Sun" has had an; interview .with-ifr; HaudleyJPage regarding - . tho possibil- i ty of aerial developments.' In j the . jo u roe of -the interview Miv Page said: ' ' There can be no question that tlie salvage of time- would be .of : enormous Importance to the. -.business . of tlie world. On any map distances arc measured in miles, but - -t lie effect of distance on the ;.average huniaii bciiig is me of time and not of mileage. "A comparison of tlie time taken for any journey by train with that taken by the aeroplane at . once sliows: the., jreat difference which will be made; to ;he time map of the world by the a&lt;l- Lent of commercial aviation. - Coustan-. tinople was reached in 30. liours' aetual lvi-ug, less than half the 'time taken by he quickest pre-war route. _ "You will see the commercial, pos- jibilities of every part of the globe: be-r loming available iu- a few; h6urs, at a )ost wlik-h i3 only equal to first-class railway, fare. W "I have no . doubt it will ta,kc a ittle -time for the ordinary human b&r: ug -to become accustomed; to travePhy leroplane, and therefore the immediate; - levelopmeiit. of aviation . will ; rather! ake place in the region of : goods, carrying and postage work. "Australia will probably bii reaeiied; n four or five days, so that at once! :he effect of the aeroplane - lias beeip to .hraW together the wliole of -tlie cqun-:; ; tries of the globe, just as though one nighty hand had taken tlie .world invits ! jrasp and compassed it to a fraction of : '.ts original size. "There is still the question of .the :j'pe of _ aeroplane most suitable for commercial work. At the present time; che aeroplane is suffering from the taefc that everybody believes rit comes down when you don't- wanf\it to, and :hat until lack of reliability is swept A way it will never be useful in the world's service. This is an absolutely wrong -idea; Perfect reliability in any form of trans port or transit can never be assured. You may even fall when walking- and break your leg. "Nowadays aeroplanes puffer very jit-tle from engine break-down. The employment of .many engines - in one leroplane, instead of one, leads to still greater reliability i.u that there is a less chance of all the engines breaking down at ouee. Just as the motor car, in an analo gous case, -lias been evolved, and has left behind the old high box seat of the family- eoa-eh, which was tacked o.n o motor cars in the early days, just ?o the aeroplane will leave behind the transient and mundane sort of appeu- Jages and evolve into the perfect fly ing machine. "The inevitable result of that will be that the transport and transit be tween. countries will . become much easier; people will know each other bet ter; there will bo a better dissemina tion of information, and in consequence the possibilities of a world-war-become more, aud more remote." .Tho fust public shipping cnWe since the war, indicutiitg thc. : i'- rival and dspartuic of cA'ersea- rVcsseis, was received hr Sjda&y this woek front EngbLnd.. Two regiments of fie Second Australian Light ; Horse. Biiga.de have Li-en sent to the Daidan- c.ilcs to garrison the sur;C!td 'i;eil Turkish forls. Alt. M«tssy G revue, in reply So ;i question in the Ho-ji-e, s;iid- thai Hi-: 'price fixing- administrafiiOu ;|;nd activities controlled Ly the L ranch had cost £30,496, hut profits anv onnting to £250,000 from the ac tivities had gone iatoi: consoli; dated' r= venae. "Z W. G; Day, a, professional valuator, giving evidence before the House' Bents Commission, stated, the Easterh Suburbs contained 25, 000 'houses and- carried a population of between 150,000. and 200,000 people. 