 AUSTRALIA'S PART MEETING A FIERCE GERMAN RUSH Grand Fight in Big Battle 'SYDNEY OFFICER'S DEED WILL BE HISTORIC" (From the Official Correspondent with the Australian Imperial Force) 262nd Day of the Fourth Year of the War LONDON, Sunday Night. It is no secret now that Australian troops are fighting, in the northern as well 'as in the southern battle. The . Australian infantry were directed one day to dig a trench line in the rear. That evening found the battle only a few thousand yards ahead of them. Next morning evidently : a fierce attack opened. They could hear gust after gust- of ride Are out ahead of them in certain parts of the line, sometimes reaching enormous intensity. . " ; ; > Here and there retiring British troops passed through them, but in front and on either flanlc stubborn : bodies still hung on fighting, though they had been pressed .day. after day. Gradually the Australian line in the centre became the front line, and during the after noon the Germans . began to press it at one point tremendously hard. The weight of this fell on the Victorians, and by concentrating the fire of trench- mortars on to small supports the Germans managed' to blot out these small . trenches completely, but they got no further. From that time' onwards to the present ii every German who reached that part of the line has either been killed or taken prisoner. On the flanks British troops were still holding on. On one flank Scottish battalions remained out in front' facing the Germans, and they, refused to be' relieved by Austra lians until they were ordered to do so. On the other flank a magnificent unit which rushed in three days before into three days continuous, battle on an enormously ex tended front, handed over, under orders, its last advanced position to the Australians, thus leaving only Germans, ahead . of them. Next morning , the Germans resumed the attempt to advance. First came a wave of skirmishers, pushing across country in order to test ; the various avenues of , advance. After them followed about six waves of In fantry.. In later -stages troops even came out -marching in column along the roads. At one point two platoons of infantry with a field gun coolly marched out' within 800 yards of our infantry. When they were fired on they unlimbered the gun and blazed in the-, direction from which they were fired at. - They knocked their heads that morning against something fresh. "May the Guns Open, Mr. Brown" The main thrust this day bore against New South Wales men. , As the German skirmishers -worked: toward , them one -young, platoon commander- ordered . the riflemen and machine-gunners not to shoot until the Germans were within - thirty yards. When the grey uniforms approached , through hedges across the ploughed ground, moving nearer and nearer, the machine-gun ners asked if they might shoot at such splen did targets. The infantry passed- back the word, "May the machine-guns open. yet. Mr. Brown ?" ' When that fire suddenly burst out: its ef fects were instant and terrible. The Ger mans-ran, but during, the; day again 'and again dribbled .up,. cqptinuouslyi_prcss_!ng 'the attack. By the aftefnoon- they managed \to steal into a farm directly oh the flank line, and from buildings and hedges they began to shoot, directly down on a portion of our position. .The situation .was growing diffi cult, so the young company commander con- | fcrred with a youngster commanding, brio of his platoons. This boy is a fine footballer and a son of a well-known headmaster of a Sydney school. He offered to take out a platoon and go straight for the place. . There are few finer things in the history of that splendid brigado than the manner in which those 20 or 30 men sprang up , and moved straight for the farm and deadly hedges amidst the enemy's battle position. Their determination carried them through. The- sight of these men sweeping in perfect coolness towards ' them appears to have im pressed the Germans with the idea that a far bigger counter-attack was in progress. One who looked: on says that the whole section of the German line opposite this point began to instantly fall back. Thus hand- fuls of Australians struggled through the hedges ,.and' scrambled into the farm. Half a. dozen brave men fell there, not to rise again. " .". Several others were ' wounded, but they cleared that house, killed. 30 or 40 Ger mans, captured a number of prisoners, and saved- a- dangerous situation: ' . / : ; -'Ld.fen dye'.withdrew 'from that farm, ' but by : then 'the: ,danger fbr' -. Which - it was' taken had .'passed;.': Several .times since 'then the Germans. ha.ve attempted to pierce our lines, but artillery and machine guns broke them up. ... ' ' .-. ' The' only time 'when they . reached our trench those who reached it stayed there. The German attacks are certainly not finished, but our men are well, and despite snowstorms exactly similar to those which drove across the sky -between bright intervals this time last year during the earlier fight ing, at Bullecourt, our men are in wonder fully good sprits. Enemy Prepares New Blow (Reuter's Telegrams) VANCOUVER, Sunday. It is officially stated in Washington that large units of Italian troops are now &lt; at the disposal of General Foch, and that they constitute part of the Allied . army of manoeuvre. ' LONDON, Sunday Night Reuter's. Paris correspondent sends the following semi-official announcement, made on Saturday night:— The forty-eight-hour lull in tlie struggle on the British and French fronts most prob ably marks a suspension,- rather than the end of the battle. At the Lys the Germans must reconstitute their shattered divisions after their bloody defeat by the British be fore Mont Kemmel and the St. Venant- Givenchy front,- but they have engaged themselves too deeply in the salient north of La Bassee Canal not to persevere with their attempts. " Since an offensive is always more costly for the assailant than the defenders, if, aB there is every reason to believe, new and very severe battles which must be expected do not bring a decision which is necessary to the Germans, then their offensive power will inevitably decrease. French opinion, therefore, awaits the course of events on the front coolly and with the utmost confidence. The future presents for the British more favorable con ditions than the first phase of the great enemy offensive did, which nevertheless ended in a failure of the German plan. "Third and Greater Crisis" From Our Special Representative) Mr. Garvin, editor of the "Sunday Ob server," states that the British army with stood the second full storm even better than it did the first. "There is," he says, "evidently coming for all the inter-knitted Allied forces a third crisis, greater than those through which we have passed, but every day's delay means the better grouping of the Allies: "I have a definite and reasoned belief that the blow: wiil fail, whether it strikes on the right, or tho left, or In the centre. ; "The Germans will try with all their thor oughness, the diligence, and the fibre which make them redoubtable, but they have missed their chance of smashing the Allies' line." ' > . ( Reuter's Telearams). Field-Marshal Sir Douglas Haig reported to-night:— , . . Local fighting to our advantage occurred this morning in the neighborhood, of Ro- becq. We ejected the enemy from some . advanced posts. Considerable activity .has been shown by hostile artillery in this area. In his afternoon report Field-Marshal Haig said: — ' After, some fighting we repulsed an at tack upon a post southward of the Scarpo River. ... 'Our artillery stopped an attempted ad vance north-eastward of Ypres. . We carried out a successful local opera tion in the neighborhood of Robecq, killing a number and taking prisoners and ma chine-guns. Hostile artillory was active yesterday afternoon and night on tho Somme, the Ancre.-and the La Bassee sectors. VANCOUVER, Sunday. The latest Berlin official states that infan try activity has been limited to recon noitring. 