 LPWDON TO SIDNEY BY AIR, DAY SERVICE. Last week the "Sun" received ?the following eable.f rom,, ij. London- re presentative : It isf;seim-offidihly stated that important develoDment m aerial postage are likely to occur, but not .till ofter the war, when men and (materials, and valuable military experience will be available. It is perhaps only a coincidence that the receipt of the message set cut above should have coincided" with Ihe receipt of three cable mes sages announcing : — (1) That an aerial line between! New York, Paris and London Avill shortly be established, and (2) That a regular aerial postal service— a three hour trip — Kvas in augurated between Washington and Philadelphia, U.S.A., on May 16, and (3) On May 19 tlia.t aerial postal routes will be put into effect in Cali- forniaj U.S.A., immediately. Read in the light o these mes sages, it is fairly safe to assume that the message quoted above re fers to an air line for mails her tAveen London and Sydney when the war is over. The astonishing feature, however, is that this is-. mechanically possible, and that the ' journey bf iAveen Lon don and Sydney can' be covered in live days. As far back as June, 1917, Lord Montague of Beauiieu indicated that ihat there Avere many signs of a s erious intention to develop postal and commercial communication bv means of teh air. He pointed out that the position of the Pritisf. Em pire in this respect 'was peqjiliariy favorable. Our wide spread sessions would, he said enable our air traffic round the world' to pro ceed without having to ask for con cessions from other nations. He then gave, time-tables for the vari ous stages of joruneys from Eng land to India, and back by alterna tive routes. The outward journey from Croy don to Karachi would be by way of Marseilles, Naples, the West Coast of Crete, Alexandria, 3 of, Basra, and Bandar Abbas. Allowing fci tHv'o five-hour periods of dying every day of 600 miles each, at 120 miles an hour, with a rest each night and a change of pilot at defined stages, he calculated that this journey of 4530 miles Avould be made in 83 j hours, of which 39J would; represent actual flying time. Leaving Crov- don at 7 a.iu., passengers would ar rive at Kara.ehi at 6.30 p.m. three days later. The return journey from Pcsba- war to Hendon 'would! be by way of Bokhara, Gurieff (Caspian Sea), Lugansk,- Tarnopol, and Leipzig, to- tal distance 5630 miles, total time ti> journey 59 hours, oeTual flying time, 30£ hours. As the fastest average time by railway ;iud Jboat tv. India before the war avus 14 to 15 days, the saving by air- would am- ount to at least 11 days.; while in the case of Australia there would be a saving of 23 or 2i days oul of the 30 now occupied by the jour ney. : ' Another scientist Who has given this matter very sferions . considera tion is Mr. G. Holt Thomas, who, lecturing, before the Aeronautical Soeeity, of Great Britain some little lime ago, contended that the con veyance by air was a eom|merciai proposition for three principal rea sons (1) It is faster than any other means of transport. (2) It is safe. (3) It is not costlj. He laid great emphasis unon the aet that ' Paris was. brought within three hours of London instead oi seven, Rome within 12A hours in stead of 42, and either Petrograd or Constantinople -within a day's jour - ney. The running costs, he said, f or ucli trips was stated 10 be— pre- scmably only . of petrol ,oiI, ana grease— carrying 7S901b., including pilot and fuel, 6f d per mile, carry- lOOOlbs. 5d per mile, carrying 4501b. 2d per mile. The cost of work, 'with a speed of 80 m. p.b. is set down at £2500. j Air. Thomas Avoiked out an income and expenditure account in respect" of a passenger service between- Paris and London, and in the re- verse direction for SO m.p.h., and 20001b. net load (12 pascsngers.)' He ; contended that a profit cou;i be ma'de on a charge of £0 per pas senger per journej-, but -showed that an average of more than nine pas sengers per trip was necessary on that b;asis, for financial -success. He similarly calculated £10 per pa-scr;- ger betAveen London and Marseille, and £25 per passenger betAveen Lon don and Constantinople. For- such a service he placed . the cost at 3d pe rmile, compared Avith a higher cost per mile t'ci the lar ger and speedier type . f machine. He was most insistent upon the safety' of flying. He cxpresesd a Avisli, ii; the course of liis paper, thai he Avere at liberty to give the a 17 s Av ers to the t.Avo folloAving questions: How many machines cross the Chan nel daily? Hoav many machines fall into it? He asked for acceptance of the point of view that flying is less dangerous than many means of sea. He pointec. out ..%t pf 39 .nileg an hour or inore only 13 days in th yaj jg Mfche south-east of rngland afedJ 42 hdiirs ool t|iosot days. At Hirfyiie|6d, which- is one of the worst instances, the record 24 cays. Such a wind has practical.lv ro .effect on a- modern aeroplane. One of Mr. Thomas' proposed solu tions for landing in fogs is to send up a small , kite- balloon carrying no passengers, to a height «v say, 150 ) ft. ,i.e.; above the fog, 'n order to indicate the location of a landim- ground. e He examined the cost of rauliut- landing grounds at considerable length, for all parts of tho- world, and in the latter portion of-his pa per pointed out that by aerial transport Ceylon becomes 2f uays from London: Tokio 44 days. Sydney, 5 days. Capetown, 34 days. New York 2 days. " Vancouver, 3 days. He, forecasted a serie>; of landing grounds from London to Tokio at 10-hnile intervals, presumably reck oning the sea as a good one all the time, j He considered tha t aeroplanes have ; developed along entirely WTong lines 1 so fax, from a fcomiiiercin I point, of a'iew, for the foliowing rea sons : — (1) Excessive elimh demanded in a fighting -.maehine, and power thrown away to obtain this. (- ) Excessive attention developed to A-isihility, gun positions, etc. (3) ExcessiA'e strengcb for iight- ine manoeuvres, etc. Lord Montagu, in liis speech,' 'sum med Up the uture ot' a-viation in a few terse phrases. "Nations," lit said: "are spending millions of mo ney upon the development of flying, and thousands of bfave men have sacrificed their lives, both in fight ing and experimental 'work. The great j development of -flying produe - ed by this war will mean that in a few years from now the human race will navigate the air with ease, sceed and safety." And thus, out of the world's tra.- vail will eclme progress, for iz i= certain that but. for the impetus given; to aeronautics by the 'wav ii would have been nearly another de cade befpre we could have looked for the things -foretold herein. 