 MAY DAY., QUIET TIME IN EUROPE. DISTURBANCE IN SYDNEY. . ("TIMES") London, Sun.. .May Day passed off tuinoly In Europe and England. It was tho quietest for years/ and there wcro no disturbances anywhere. The Italian communists Is sued a manifesto saying: " 'Tis u period of bourgeois reaction and our day'of, expiation. We can only blame^'our-. selves." FOOLISH CONDUCT. SYDNEV, Monday. ' Attempts are being made to make political cupltal out of Sunday's May .Day procession In Sydney. The facta arc that-permission was granted to hold the - procession through the streets to tho Domain, which was ex tremely orderly, 1500 unionists march ing behind a red banner, and were cheered by a large number of specta tors lining the streets. The daily press states that whilst in the main ^street two patriotic women headed the pro cession Hying red, white, and blue rib bons on umbrellas, and that an at tempt was made to prevent them, the "Standard" correspondent who wit nessed the procession can state that at ono point two women of a doubtful character, the worse for drink, got in front of the procession to the Intense enjoyment of tho crowds and a few sailors, nnd walked along with the pro cession for a short distance. When the procession arrived at the Domain an organised attempt was made to pull down the red flag by probably a score of individuals, who were plainly out to mako political capital. Their action was resented by the thousands gath ered on the Domain* who asked them to go away and not cause trouble. They, however, refused, nnd put tin a Union JacTT on a nmnll stfc.k. They were again warned that if lliey didn't desist interfering with the orderly meeting they would be ejected. Some of them talked fight, anrl in the melee which ensued they were roughly handled by the angered crowd, who saw through their game. In the scuffle which followed tholr flag was burned. There was nothing In the way of an organised display to burn the fl&lt;ig, us alleged by the daily press. May Day speeches were delivered at tho Domain meetlrgs and jhe cele bration at the Town Hall' at night. References were made to tho death of Mr.i Percy Brookfleld. nnd collections were iakrn up for the memorial to be established. It was announced th?it in future 1he> May Day demonstwtions would take the i»!nce of the Eight Hours.Day cele brations. 