 FEN^DAYS LONDON-SYDNEY BIG AIR SCHEME Sir K. Smith Back PULU of snlhusissm and opti .. mism retarding ? 10 dsyi' ?irsnjp sarvfc* bstwssn Enslamf ?nd Australia, Sir Kaith Smith rs turn»d by ths Niagara to-dsy. H« will remain In Australia for three or /our years. ifrrn aboard tho A'l BaTara to-day, he disclosed somo of the plans of the preat alrrhlp scheme. 'Already,' he said. 'It lias boon de cided to arrange for the service be tween England and Inill.-i. A tremen dous amount of data has been collect ed, and two ships arc to be tested. The vrhole thing depends on the question of research. Meanwhile lh« companies are in P0ssej-»lon of much valuable In formation which tho public knows very little about. EXPERTS ON R.34. 'The Me n 84 ln.KOlng out from Lon don to lierpt and India, and will carry the best experts. They will carefully nota the. tropical and other conditions. A mooring mast Is being rigged In Egypt, and another either at Karachi or Bombny. The data collected dur ing ttala trip will be embodied In the piana of the new ships, and a start will not be made until everything -? In perfect readiness. 'There In no reason why tha Aus tralian service should not Im com pleted. 'It Is rlrnr lo me that many lusti ness men In nil jwrls or Aunlrall.i would appreciate* the mean, of rot IIhe to Knirlnnd In ten days as against Hiii lime occupied In sea transit.' WITH VICKERS NOW. Mir Keilli vsplulned that lie li.id spent a good deal or lim-- in Hiiglanil and In The Vlckers Wurkr. He mi now osftcrlalod with the firm. and. l* Mn'r'3 airship*, they \*pre ---inn**i«»-1 vltli lots of other things seldom heard about. CRASHES DONT WORRV HIM. Sir Keith d-x*n't worry much about crash™ from the air. 'The risk Is vrry small.- lie aald. 'There liavr. of iiiiirv. lii-en crashes and smafchc^. bfvnuse many nf the nuchlneH that had come duwn hsd been built for 111,- itar and not for commercial piiiti'wf. 'You ran'l ask a one-ton KorO truck to *rarr-- ?lx torn*. :f you do, something ulll happen. Nun- thr factor of safely Is easily 4 lo I. A niai-hinc Iiuili to carrj* ono ton will rnrrr four with ab mlute safety and without the risk -if fracture.' With 1-i.ly rmilli. Ihe distinguished airman will 'lay at Tlie Australia. 