 ON THE WATERFRONT. i ? DEREGISTRATION APPLI- CATION ADJOURNED FOR DAY MR. JUSTICE POWERS* PLAIN TALK I, POSITION IN SYDNEY. (Australian Press.) LONDON. January 21. Thc General President of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, Mr llavelock Wilson, has received a calle from Australia signed Caughcy, Lntcn Steamship Go., reading:-"We have formed a new branch and request ye ur confidence. Reply immediately.'' Mr. Wilson cabled asking for a more explicit statement. Mr. Wilson in- formed a representative of the Aus tralinn Press Association that there vas little chance of thc British unionists in Australian waters being enticed to follow Tom Walsh. Per- haps there would be a few impulsive hotheads, hut the majority would stick to their ships. ADELAIDE. January 22. The watersiders again refused to-day (o discharge the Baron Maclay. Prob- ably the vessel will have to proceed to Melbourn!* to discharge, the same as the Clan Monroe MELBOURNE. January 22. The Arbitration Court sat to day to hear an argument on an application bv the Commonweal!h Government and tho Shipowners' Association for the deresistration of thc Seamen's Union. Mr. Justice Powers adjourned the application unl.il te.morrow. Mr. Tom Walsh, who represented (he Seamen'? Union, moved the ad- journment of the application so as to pvc him an opportunity to go llirmigu the affidavits filed by the applicants nr.d answer (bein. Ile said he had not had time to investigate thc position taken ur» by the owners. Mr. Justice Powers : You want all your own way. Thc award sets out definitely where the pioking-up places shall be and ye-u have not observed tho award. That is the position. Mr. Walsh proceeded to argue that the places fixed by thc award were tiot suitable. They did not have pro- per accommodation for thc men while wailing. nis Honour pointed cut that Mr. üaeburn had given sn undertaking on behalf of the Federation to observe the award. Instead of carrying out that undertaking the Union had gone on strike. Mr. Willah : W« did not strike. Wc say tho employers prevented us from working. We were ready and willing lo meet the shipowners if proper pick ing-up places were provided. The owners will not step across the road fo tho Seamen's Union office, but would compel the men tc sacrifice their liordly-won rights. We arc not pre- pared tn &lt;"n that. Mr. Justice ¡Powers, in adjouminrf tho application until tomorrow, said he was doing so to enable the Unien to have a final opportunity to decide whether it would observe ' the award '>[ Hie Court at, to picking-up places or not. Unless tlc seamen ga\c a dtrinile assurance Lc* return, to work cud obey the award, their registration would be cancelled and the uward de- si royed. ; Later. Following on urgent telegrams de .?-patched last night, thc Federal Com- mittee of .Management of the Seamen's i Union to-day bent further urgr/nta to the h i inches instructing them to ac- cept ilr. Justice Powers' awr.rd. Kepi i cs were received from all the' branches except Sydney, intimating their preparedness to leave the accept- ance or rejection j« the hands of thc Committee of Management. To-night information was received that the Sydney branch declined to ac- cept. Despite this attitude, however, there seems little likelihood that the committee will refuse to give Mr. Jus- tice Powers tile assurance be demanded to-day. Action will lie taken if neces- sary to discipline the" recalcitrant mem- bers of the Sydnev branch. SYDNEY, January 21. The seamen of Sydney continue to ai semble at tho. Mechanics' Institute, the niekinir-un nlace fixed bv the Union. although thc dripping companies an-, ignoring them. N'o response has boin made to calls for men at thc mercan- tile marine office. Tile departure of file Fordsdale has 1-oen postponed again ns it Mas found to be impossible for her to leave to- morrow. Little active interest is being tal^-n in the shipping dispute by the unions not directly affected. Thc Bubje.'^ has scarcely been mentioned at msetitiis of the Labour Council, nnd beyond the passing of a motion of sympathy no action has been taken by this body. The Trolly and Draymen's Un'on has refused to be drawn into thc dis- pute, and thc opinion is freely ex- pressed in trade union circles that the ruthless policy of the Seamen's Union has prejudiced its cause and olienatei sympathy. The moderate sections of the unions tend more toward support- ing the waterside workers thaa the senmen. There is a movement on foot among the former sailor-soldier maritime wor- kers to secure the benefits of the Slate Plcference Act in all seagoing teales. The constitution of thc Union, which it is intended to submit for registra- tion as thc Australian Seamen's Re- turned Sailors' and Soldiers' Union, is lerng framed, and it is claimed tte support for snell a union has been promised by the interstate, overseas, and coastal shipping companies. Lat»r. The seamen have rejected Mr. Jus- tice Powers' award after a 6torm,y meeting. 