 OUR DESTINY NATION OF AVIATORS CAPT. COBHAM'S PROPHECY Sydney to London in Eight Days SYDNEY, Thursday. 'We have been a nation of sea men. We vriil be a nation of aviators,' ' said Captain Alan Cob ham, speaking at a civic reception tendered him in the Sydney Town Hall to-day. He said there was no reason why travel :betweeri London and Sydney should not be possible in eight days. 1 ' Do not Took upon aviation as a pure ly commercial cntenprise, ' he Kmt. 'It is an instrument of development of Australia and of ithe Empire. This flight of jnBuc is no stunt. To niy mind ttie greatest performance ever put up was by Sir lioss and Sir Keith Smith-' (Cheers). Captain' Cobbam outlined the various flights which ho had undertaken, and said he hoped to see an aeroplane ser vice operating in the near future be tween Oaiilo and Central Africa aud London. Relating the circumstances and pre paration leading to the present fligliJt, he said that at like last moment, when the question of finances was problema tical, Sir Charles Wakefield, who lias been called the guardian angel of aviation, stepped in and told him not to worry about the nnoiwy part of the affaiT, but to go iright ahead. It was the original intention, said Captain Cobbani, that the flight, should be un dertaken Sn an aeroplane. He, htow ovcr, pressed for a seaplane, and al though he had never flown a machine of this type until two days before he began the flight, he was quite convinc ed of their practicability. Concluding, ihe said: 'I h'ope Ito come to Australia again, and if I Should arrive in a year or twlo at Mlatscatj, and there js nobody there Jo meet me, I shall knoW tihat everythfing is all right in aviation, and that Dhe arrival of a plane from England is an every dav occurrcncc.' The Minister for Health, Mr. Cann, proposed tlhc toast of Captain Oob ham's he&ltih, while Sir Keith Smith was also included in the list of speakers. KEEP PACE W.ITH THE TIMES Captain Cobham and Sergeant Ward were entertained by the Commercial Travellers' Association to-day.' Re plying to 'the toastT of his health, Cap tain Cobham said. ' We mufit keep pace with the times, and ono thing 'that is going to enable us to do 'that is the development of aviation.' 'To-morrow,' he added, 'it will be possible -to make aviation as slow as any other form of transport-' 