 "WHAT A BORE!" Six-day Tests in England SYDNEY SMITH BOMB (SPECIAL TO "THE NEWS") LONDON, June 16. Mr. Sydney Smith (manager of the Australian team) has been sharply critioised for his statements regarding England having "mystery" bowlers and howlers "with diplomatic colds." According to Mr. M. A. Noble, Mr. Smith has repudiated the statements that have appeared in the newspapers. "The Morning Post" declares that the Australians must be prepared to play English cricket under English conditions. The ultra-cautious game played "down under," necessitating six-day matches, would be a bore to the English public. The extinction of 1loot and other pro minent cricketers who were left out of the trials was solely to give certain young "possibled'" a chance to show form under more exactine conditions than were usual in county cricket. "If any one of the English players is a mystery man it i9 because the Aus tralian nallow him to mystify them on the field of play," adds the newspaper. Mr. M'. A. Noble says that the news Pap-rs attribute to Mr. Smith a state ment that the Australians deplore "diplomatic illne.ses" preveutin "m:'ys tcry" bowlers rdeeting them before the Tests. iMr. Smith repudiates the re porte. and states that while they would nrather have played North and South of E:ngland at their full strength it wans p~rely the business of the English selec tors and not of the Australians.. A canvass of first-class county cap tains for their views on devoting more lime to the Test matches resulted as follows: Lancashire-Play Tests out. Gloucestershire-Six days. Warwickshire-.Minimun. of four days. ,Leicestershire and Worcestershire Maximum of four days. TIe orenin-h eSe sy that it isy. "The Evening .News" say.? that it i:? nonsense to invite quests to come from Australia to play 1'ests which decide nothing. The argument that longer Tests woiuld result in slower batting does not hold water, because threc-day Tests make stonewalling pay. T'he county championship could be sus pendled for the Tests. The present sys tem, by which the rubber may depend on luck in a single match, is unfair. 