 SHIPPERS TOLD TO SPEED DP SERVICE TO 1 AUSTRALIA I Mr Brace's Frank Talk to Owners I SUGGESTS 14 DAYS REDUCTION IN VOYAGE 9 TO SYDNEY H| ( Herald Special Representative) M LONDON, Oct. 29. H Speaking today at the Lhamber of Shipping luncheon S given to the Dominion delegates to the Imperial Confer - 8 cnce, Mr- Bruce told the shipowners that he did not know jH ' tchether they Were giving Australia the best service. « mr urucc iuiu nc naa occn assured that the voyage to 9 Fremanlle could be reduced by 10 days and to Sydney by HI 14 days. If that Was so, it was a hideous indictment of 9 the shipping industry. 9 ' Mr Urnco paid tliat It tho service 9 could bo accelerated It would have BB (o ho dono. AS "Anyouo wlio ooiuos to mo and can B9 do it "'III get my mail subsidy, tho EH junilim mlgiaut iralTlo and anything M l can put Into bin hands," the 9 j'rlme Minister said. H "I believe wo can promote tho Im- 9 nerlal irndo In promoting tho nhlp- Bi plug Indus! vy 'J'hu Imperial Confur- H| ini'O slunild bo able to glvo a lend M which will greatly advantage this 9 country and tho whole world. 9 "Wo may bo at your mercy, but I 19 hope tu Heaven you will exercise your 9 power nierellully." l'LAIN Sf'EECn 9 Mr Hruee's trenchant reply to Sir H Wnlter Runclman'a attack on tho Auh- H tralhin tariff, followed by frank erl- 9 tlclsin of British shipping facilities to H Australia, was a featuro of the H Microbes. 9 Sir Waller Runclmnn presided. Tho 9 guosls Included tbo Dominion Socro- 9 tnry (Mr L. S. Amery). tho Secretary 9 'or India (Lord Birkenhead), Sir 9 Joseph Cook. Lord Inchcapc, and Sir 9 lliivelock Wilson. 9 Sir Walter Ilunclmiin, proposing tho 9 toast of "Tho Conference," said that 9 despite the contonllons thnt the Km- 9 Plro hail been built on coal and cotton, 9 Its real basis wus shipping. Mr Bruce, 9 hi tho last speech lie made in Aiih- 9 tralia. had declared ills respect lor 9 plain speech. Jt was clear, thcroforo, 9 that lie would hot H hide Ills views. 9 whatever they 9 were. Tbo I111- 9 pcrial Interests lis 9 a whole must pre- dominate. He was 9 ?la&lt;l tbo gliosis 9 regarded tile, sea 9 not as a harrier 9 but as a bond be- 9 twoen the Do- 9 minions. 9 SHIPPING'S 9 VITAL 9 IMPORTANCE 9 Mr Brueu, who 9 was greeted with 9 cheers, paid " H tribute to sir 9 Waller for Ills kindness In not having 9 given advice to his guests, lie hoped the shipping Industry would contlnuo as the pioneers of the Empire Inter- estf. which must ho preserved and maintained. Shipping, was of most chief factor 111 the 3mptre'» success re In the war lay In the fact that It pos- M soused tho greatest mercantile mnrlno on earth. 9 IMPUTATION ON AUSTRALIA 9 r.reat Britain owed much of tho re position It had attained to the fact that It was tho world's workshop, but it owed the greater part of that posl- tlon to the fact that It whs tho world's carrier. It must maintain I that position In tlie future. "Is not II possthlo to get out of our minds ihnt feeling of npprelioii- slon tliat In doing something to dc- velop tho Emiilro wo are going to B destroy tho foreign trade wo built up I In past ccntiirlen?" asked Air Bruce. B "Cannot we Ijnlbl up a greater Ini- fl pcrial trade, bringing tho resources of tho Emplro to full fruition wltliout Interfering with forolgn trado? I B bollovo It can ho dono." I Mr Bruce, turning to the Ctialr- mail, said: "You havo referred to I the fact that somo of tho doctrines I I have onunclntod woro just like a I religion. You said tliero was nothing sacrosanct about them. I reply tluit your religion will not stand too severe I a test. It must not bo regarded as sacrosanct olthor. I "I ask you to free my great anil glorious country from tho terrible im- | putation you Imposed on It .when you I sold that wo novcr adopted tariff ro- B form except to benefit our own pro- B ducors against tho British. I would B not have, mentioned this, but you B know what ono'a people are. (Laugli- R tor.) They nro all waiting and watcli- I Ing to see what haa been said, I BENEFIT TO BRITAIN I "At present 20,000,000 worth of your manufactured products aro cn- I t.rlng Australia free, whllo tho I foreigner Is paying an avorage of 121 I per cont. ,But lot ub Joavo tlieso I UilngB aside and see what wo can I develP Empire trade. | M wh sreat shipping Industry can I «o It. I ISpeaklng at tho Freo Trade 'Union I Iunchoon on Thursday, Sir Walter I Runclman, a ship owner, said : . "Wo do not regard Imperial proforepco as 3 "alth which must not bo tampered with. Wo regard It as: a business mnue by tho Qoverninent for tho beno- flt of certain business men. It Is rubbish to talk about trado between Great Britain ami Australia'. It Is hot the countries that trade, but indivi duals. "Mr Bruce appeals tri plain .words; so I will say thnt Australian tariffs are created to help tho Australian" inamH lacturor against our manufacturer." NEWFOUNDLAND'S LAUGn v0 Premier, of Newfoundland (Mr Monroe), proposed "Imperial Slilp- mug.' Ho cheerily remarked that Aeivfoundlunilors would have sulll- j'lent wood froo wlien England was buying. coal in paper bags. Ho re gretted that sailing ships were going out of exlslcnco or fulling Into the bands of bootleggers. Imiiroved water communication was the most Important thing to bring tho Emplro together. "Americans nmy say they have tho lowest priced motor car and loud in tho film industry," ho said, "but they've novor bonded nil In tho con struction of ships nnd boilers." Tho President of tho Board of Trado (lllmP. Cunliffo-Llstor), in res spondlng. paid a tribute to the Im- poikii Shipping Committee, nnd urged tho promotion of Intcr-lmpcrlal shipping facilities, lie snld tliero would always lie differences similar to Mr Bruco and the t-chnlriiimi' i, which lmd recalled the controversy between two clergymen, one of whom snld: "Wo both serve (tod, you In your way, nnd I in His." SIR W. RUNCIMAN 