 Books of To-day and To-morrow "TWILIGHT SLEEP," by Edith Wharton. London and New York, D. Appleton and Co. ; Sydney, Dymocks. 5/6. Mrs . WHARTON'S rieW novel has all that "illusion of reality" which, as Carl Van Doren said of her years ago, "almost never fails her, so alertly is her mind on the look-out to avoid vul gar, or shoddy romantic elements." Again she returns for her, material to the exclusive circles, of New York society. The title is derived' from that process by . which mothers 7 may bd delivered of . - their, children without being conscious- for. even a moment of , pain.. Rut Mrs. Wharton extends the meaninc of the phrase to the state in which- moneyed New Yorkers perpetu ally live. Their money secures for them an apparent exemption from air the common - . woes of human life. They live and move and have their", being in a. world in which- the one aim ;is to dodge pain, physical and mental. There Is presented a group of people whose days are filled with false duties, pseudo-beliefs, and butterfly interests. Mrs. Manford, a capable woman, who has inherited much money fronria motor car. firm, has divorced her first husband in a lady-like sort of way, and her seoond husband, a great lawyer, is quite friendly with I-Iubby No." 1. Mrs. Man- " ford's children by both husbands are .also quite friendly. But, unfortunately, a son by the first marriage marries a . modern g- r! whp thinks that life cheats her if she is not supplied with a new ..thrill every day. Boredom, sets in un til Mr. Manford, her stepfather, falls in- love with her. Here is. a new situation, even in a mcfdern novel. - Stepfather' competing with stepson for the love of the stepsons wife! Gradually Mrs. Manford and her two families are 101-ced out of their "Twi light Sleep." and in the final chapter stark tragedy invades their lives. The whole story-" is brilliantly con ceived and brilliantly told. . "THE QREAT EARTHQUAKE OF 1923 , IN JAPAN," with a companion volume, of " maps and. -'diagrams, compiled by the Bureau of - . Social Affairs, Home Office, Japan. ' Our,- copies from the Acting. Consul-General. Tliese two magnificently-produced volumes, illustrated with hundreds of photographs, arid, in the sccorid vol-. ume, - with elaborate maps - and- dia grams, provide a complete review of the appalling disaster that over-, whelmed' Japan in 1923. The pauses and effects of the disaster-'are dis-. cussed illuminatingly from, a scientific point of view/and there is a glowing" account of the assistance giyen by for- . eign Powers., One of the most arresting, chapters deals with . the- loss of works of art, objects -Of : historical interest,' rare books, arid whole libraries. Lastly,1 the Ordinances and laws framed by the Jmperiar authorities to cope with the'; disaster are surveyed; and they seem to have been models of huriiainitariari efficiency. . . / -. "THE AUSTRALASIAN JOURNAL OF -PSYCHOLOGY AND PHILOSOPHY," Vol. V.; No. 3.' Published by the. Australasian Association of- Psychology arid Philosophy, Royal Society's House, Elizabeth Street. 3/, or 12/ ""per annum. For teachers, the most- interesting article in the present number of the journal is that entitled, "Do Linguistic -i Group ; Tests of Intelligence, Non-lin guistic Group Tests' of Intelligence, arid Scholastic Tests Measure the Same Thing?" by J. G. Cannon. Other Im portant articles are: "Some /Concepts - In Relation to Social Science," by Pro fessor T. A'. Hunter; "Maori Culture and Modern Ethnology," the second' of a series by I. L. G. Sutherland;. "Dcs-.. cartes' Theory of Knowledge," by W. A. Merrylees. There are also the usual reviews, lists of books and journals re ceived, notes and news, and a report - on a bimanual co-ordination test, by John T. Dingle. . ""MRSr, ELLIS ROWAN AND HER CONTRIBU TIONS TO AUSTRALIAN ART AND SCIENCE." "IN FREEDOM'S CAUSE, AUSTRALIA'S CON- - TRIBUTION TO THE WORLD WAR." Two1 booklets by Henry A. Tardent. Brisbane, Watson, Ferguson and Co., Ltd. The ' first booklet summarises the facts -of Mrs. Rowrih's upbringing and career. There are numerous reproduc tions In- color of Mrs. Rowan's paint ings of Australian wild flowers. The second booklet is an essay which took first prize at .Maryborough Eis teddfod, 1922. It is Illustrated by photographs of various war-time per-" sonalities. "THE - CRIMSON TRAIL," by Charles Wesley Sanders. New York. G. H. Watt; Sydney, Dymock's. 5/6. Forget all your preconceived notions about Wild West stories — that they arp . made according., to a pattern ; that their characters are literary stencils; that they are glorified Deadwood Dicks. Here is a breathless story that may have been written strictly according to formula, yet it provides two hours of mental holiday. M'Gregor, the bold cowman, Annie, the clear-eyed colleen lie dumbly worships; Harbord, the bold, bad rancher; and Sobey, the 100 per . cent, villain, are grouped in a story that should thrill -everybody who is capable of remembering that there are still almost primitive communities ex- -risterit in this civilisation of ours. "POSSESSION," by Rosalie and Edward' Syn- ton. London, Hutchinson; Sydney, Anguri and Robertson. " 5/6.- - Should a man' murder his mother- in-law?- .. Here is a noyel that says : Yes— under certain circumstances." Not in so ..niariy .iwords, but Certainly ;in. effect. If you are of a matter-of- fact turn of iriihd, this' queer psycho logical novel is not ' for you. If you are inclined - to-: believe in suggestion, - hypnotism,' and; the allied- sciences- that have -displaced the; old .mysteries of the wizard arid the witch, the book will en thral you. ' .. - ' -. John Travers, through;' his friend, Dr. Toogood, a. psychologist, discovers that his wife is having her very soul .sucked out of her ..by her mother. John tries -desperately., to save his. beloved iwife'"|ia'her.-tterrible parent's clutches, arid, . -failing, decides, to free his wife by murdering her " tormentor. He is hanged for his crime— and one would think . that at that point this grim story should end. But the authors provide a startling climax, which is artistically and psychologically sound. The book in certain passages is poor ly written, and there are sundry gross errors „ in grammaa.'— but what - does that matter when the story Itself is unusually interesting? "A. YEAR'S DINNERS," by May Little. Lon don. T. Werner Laurie;" Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 8/. v Three hundred arid -sixty-five sea sonable dinners (with due allowance - for the reversal of seasons), are pro- ' Vlded in this bulky volume, together with instructions for cooking. The authoress, who- is a late staff teacher at the National Society's Training School of Cookery, London, has set out to provide a handy guide-book for worried housekeepers.-. She has suc ceeded. In addition to the 365 dinners; there is a carefully classified section, containing 672 recipes, to which is added a complete index. Several other chapters deal in a practical way with such . matters as dinners for invalids, marketing hints, methods -of cooking, how to arrange a menu, and a diges tion table of various foods. "GEORGIAN STORIES, - 192G." London, Chair man and Hall ; Sydney, AngU3 and Rob- ertson; 5/0. There are seventeen short" stories and one large joke in this volume. '- T.he large joke is included as a short' story in the index. Unless there is some eso teric virtue, however; in Miss Ger- " trude Stein's "Fifteenth of November" it belongs to a literary category that we admit frankly is beyond our. powers of appraisal. Miss Stein is one of the new school of geniuses who contribute to the "Little Review, "that amazing - , quarterly, which exploits all foriris of futurism in art and literature. If Miss - Stein and ' her. co-workers' methods may be reduced to anything so sordid ly exact as a formula, ' then here' it is: When writing a short story, keep clear of anything resembling a plot, take, ex- - treme care not to delineate character, atid write your .sentences so that they: will, read like the burblings of an idiot, Here is an example (and not the worst) from Miss Stein's "Fifteenth ; of -No- : . vember": — "Fortunately, replacing takes the place of their sending, and, fortunately, : as they are sending in this instance if three are there and one has returned and one is gone and one is going need there be overtaking." Of the other stories in the volume, at least ten are excellent examples of the craft of short story- writing: Some-'-- have been reproduced from books;i: others from magazines; but all have . been chosen with discernment. From! Mr. Aldous Huxley's "Two or Three -Graces" we have "Fairy Godmother,'-' a : . cunning satire on a wealthy lady's de sire to patronise a less fortunate sister, ' Other authors represented are San dra Alexander, with a keen and amus-.: . ' ing. study of a gluttonous old couple, . ; who- entertain a young author and his wife 'once a year, but cut them from their visiting list when they find that the young author has deceived them , on a very important point; Martin " Armstrong, with a story of a death bed scene of- an old Countess — a little- masterpiece; A. E. Coppard, with a. delicately-told story of an Irish girl who "made a bid for love and happi ness, and lost; Denis Mackail, with'- an uproariously funny story of a come dian who never stole a fellow-come dian's "lines"; and John Metcalfe, with a powerful study of a criminal who tried to tunnel his way to freedom— this last from "The Smoking Leg," a collection of stories which was pub lished. two. years ago, and which de- .: serves to be more widely known in Australia. . "WALLS OF GLASS/' Larry Barretto.. Lon don, Leonard Parsons ; Sydney, Dymock's. . 5/6. Bereft of her husband, a doctor, So phie Deming is left with a young child, and ver; little means to face the pro blem of making a livelihood. After several ventures have failed, in a mo ment of weakness she accepts the pro tection of a wealthy elderly man, who is reported to have a wife in an asylum. Sophie is obsessed with the one de sire to educate her son, and give him the same profession as his father, and sacrifices herself for : this one end. Years after, whilo attending a patient - in hospital, her son learns the secret' of her life, and, crushed: and broken, bitterly reproach'es her; falling to rea lise the extent of his mother's sacrifice. How futile it has all been is borne home- to Sophie, when she accepts the love of a man her oWn age, and .ac companies him to Yucatan, finding, happiness in her Indian Summer. This- _ is a story well worth reading. Books in Demand FICTION. ' "Jew Suss," by Lion Feuchtwanger. (!>/). "No Othor Tiger," by A. E. W. Mason. (5/6). "The Plying Kestrel," by Capt, Dingle. (5/6). "Tho Immortal Marriage," by Gctrude Atlierton. (5/(T). "Meanwhile," by H. G... Wells. (5/6). "Marget Pow," by. C. P. Slater. (4/6). "James, Don't Be a Fool," by E. V. TImms. . (B/). "The Thunderer," by E. Barrlngton. "Crazy Pavements," by,s! Nichols. (5/6). "On the Right Wrists," by A. Living- , stone. (6/). "The Man in the Sandhill3,'.' . by A. Marsderi. (5/6). "Tho Key above the Door," by- M. Walsh. (6/). "Elmer Gantry," by S. Lewis. (5/6). GENERAL LITERATURE. . "Through a Land of Promise/' by M. Terry. (18/). "The Wild Animals of Australasia," by ' A. . S. Lo Souef and Burrell. (30/) . "A Windjammers' 'Prentice," by A. W. Pearson. (5/). "A Primitive Arcadia," by Ellis Silas. (19/). - Australian Looks at America," by - H. G.J Adam. (5/) . " , "Six Years in the Malay Junglo," by C. Wells. (6/). "More Net -Profit," by H. N. Casson. (6/). "Tho Boom of 1890 and Now." by E. O. G. Shann. (2/6). . "Life and Laughter 'Midst the Canni- " bals," by C. W. Collinson. (15/). "Scotland Yard," by K. Gollomb. (12/6). "Napoleon," by Emil Ludwlg. (26/). Edith Wharton.- ALDOUS HUXLEY. 