 BOOKS OF TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW © ' "NOW EAST, ' NOW WEST," by Susan Ertzj London Ernest. Bonn; Sydney, .Angus -and Robertson, 5/6. The ingenious writer of .."Madame Claire" has added a still finer novel to her credit. This time she tells, with simplicity ' and ' power, the stdry of a . 1- ...I1... i.i-r- J U 1 !&lt; n m - gOOu' Aineriuti" uiiu ua» «,- bitious 'Wife. The wife worries him into leatViilg America for England. In London; Where the unfortunate hus- like a 'fish- but of - water, ;-'the: y wife finds,- after - a ' number of '-.bitter j . experiences;' -that, I high / society- - is I not for 'her. - But I she finds ; a man I with whom, she J| falls hopelessly in love. ; I n . t h e , meantime, ' - h e r . husband,';- while, still faithful . to his wife; .' .falls deeply .. in .' love with a vfery. ' fine woman,- ; ; an; . 'ac tress with - brains ' vtrlt A - il AS l\AAfl foolish'! enough' to grive up her career in order ' to marry a - .man. who 'proves to be an impractical dreamer. Literal ly .nothing -'happens, except . that the. good American " and his equally good wife, each . .feeling that romance can never become reality, return to New York. The: chief charm , of - the book consists Mq the characters, not - being . juggled like puppets, who must obey the dictates of - their -'creator; They live and move andt. have, jtheir being, ao it wciO|,au; uicu yyiu usiiw fWANDEBmGSV JN V ANGLO-SAXON . BBI-. TAIN," byr- Arthur .Welgall.'r.:; London. Hod-, der. and 8.t(>uglitqn: Sydney; Dymock's, 8/6. . Unaccountably neglected in : ordinary history b'opks, the Anglo-Saxon epoch is in this profusely-illustrated volume made the subject of a short, intensive.: and eager study. The author: is an en thusiast, -and "he, refuses to accept the ' common : idea that the British v or Ro man-British rpeople who ware -dis placed by theAriglo-Saxons were' cow ards. He shows .that - they went dow n fighting gloriously, . and : points out that even as late as 633 A.D. : our British forefathers nearly succeeded in driving out .our English forefathers.' In -ihort, he argues ' that the defeat of: the Brit ish by. the: Anglo-Saxons was ho ..more sha'meful than the defeat of the Anglo- SaxOns by the Danes -and .Normans. Although.; not. posing- as an expert, our: author gives, us the result of much flrst-hand r.eseareh. His book will- in terest not only students. but every one capable of being Interested in the beginnings of the British race. "THE MADONNA OF THE BLEEPING CARS," by Maurice Dekobra. -London, T. Werner , Laurie; Sydney, - Dymock's,-' 5/6. Maurice Dekobra Js now forty-one years : of -age; He -has been - art critic, war correspondent, lecturer at the Uni versity, of .Berlin (a Frenchman! ), a translator ' into-- his native language of Jack London; de. Foe; O. Henry, and others. -During the war ho wn« unison officer with the Indian and Eng- ' lish 'arniles. 'He won the Croix' de Guerre, '"and is - a -Chevalier of the Legion of Honor. ' "With such, a record, as that he nat- urally invests his novels wi(;h a cosmo polltan flavor. The one now 'translated Into English, funnily enough, has ror central character an- English peeress, Lady Diana Wynham, and an alluring lady she is. . If there were nothing else good in the book the hilarious dialogues between her self and her secretary, an impecun ious French nobleman, would make It worth reading. But; In addition, there are some extraordinary revelations of Bolshevik Intrigue, and' beside Lady Diana and her' secretary at least two other characters which it would be- difficult to duplicate in modern fiction. - The- book sparkles from -beginning to end. "SHIPS AND SEALINGrWAX,"- by George A. Birmingham; Loudon, Methuen; Sydney, - Angus and Robertson, 5/. Q.EORGE A. BIRMINGHAM, who is really Canon O. Hannay, - of . the. West Coast of Ireland,, is known chiefly by his novels, but he is . likely to be remembered by his essays. "Spilli kins/ an earlier volume of essays, re vealed him as a whimsical sort of parson, who could on occasion make sly jokes concerning the Church, the Bible, and" the clergy: In "Ships and Sealing-wax" there Is the same whimsicality, but also a greater meas- ure of gentle humor used as An effec-' tlve disguise for penetrating satire. His subjects range from "Fashions in1 Words" to "Popular Fallacies." There Is an exquisite sentimentality in his "Yesterdays In Ireland," and a kindly, ridiculing- of -'English reserve In his "Travelling Companions." Many a , staff -man, however, whether Jin a school a business, a university, or a factory,- will find in "Conferences," de- spite Its perfect, good humor, a tonio : flavor of satire. It. is simply an. ac count of a school board, meting, at which an ' inspector drones . on.and- on for two hours about matters :that are; certainly of no- vital importance. The duplicate of that schol inspector may be found, in . every part of. 'the "world. The quaint revenge which .George.; Ai. Birmingham, took upon him might/with' : modifications, be imitated by other, victims of prosy superiors. ; ', In the ;third essay the author inci dentally. provides . a good definition of "Preaching." "Preaching, " he says,"is the conveying ' to .others : of .feelings about religion which have strongly v affected the preacher." He discusses the phenomenon 'of a preacher- who, ' having" delivered a great sermon on love and gentleness, comes home to -snarl at- -his : wife and scold his child ren. Only careless people would sup-, pose, pleads the author, that the man is a hypocrite who has been saying what' Tie does not believe'. His fall from grace and graciousness is the re sult of his believing in grace -and graciousness so deeply that he felt compelled to give away what he had, of them. He had none, or very little, left when he got home. To say baldly that everything that to be vulgarised may sound very like an over-statement But Birmingham, - in his essay entitled "Vulgarlsers." makes out a convincing, though. humor ously argued case for keeping all- great poetry from being quoted. Quote the finest passage often enough, and. it will be ruined. _ He instances Henley s verses about the head that is. "bloody, - but unbowed;" Tennyson's "Crossing the Bar," and other poems that have been utterly vulgarised by constant quotation. His remedy aeainst vul-. garisation is in the true Birmingham vein of humor — he would have the. amount of English poetry taught in schools vastly increased, thus ensuring that 99 out of every 100 boys would - come to hate English poetry so much 5 that none of It would be quoted after they left school. Each hundredth boy would be a true lover of poetry,, and unlikely to vulgarise It by quoting it too often. The finest essay In the book Is en titled "Organisation." Beginning with a funny story BirmInEharo_ftnds stern ly by attempting to show that 'the Church of England is on the way - to becoming a -shrivelled corpse, from which the blood has. heen sucked by the spiders known- as organisers. "TENACITY." by Guy Cottar; London, :Jar- rold's : Sydney. Angus and Robertson. 5/6. The author belongs to ,a well-known New Zealand and Australian, family. His brother Is Commander Garsia, R.A.N., lately in command of .the Tin- gira. Clive Garsia (Guy Cotter) -en tered the British Army, and before the war spent' one of his. furlough periods as 'War -. correspondent. In .the Balkans" for an English Journal.. After the war he -went into business, but,- after the slump of >1921. set .out - at the age of 45 to face-life again as a, lournalist and an author. His '.first novel- may strain credulity In plot— there is the usual mission to a strange country, the not Impossible she, and the thwarted conspirators— but there are so many touches of first hand knowledge of the Balkans that one finds oneself wondering, "Well, it may have happened, after all." Unless 'Guy Cotter is very careful he will find himself among the best sellers. "THE ITALY OP THE ITALIANS,": by B. R. P. Vincent, London, Methuen ; Sydney, Dymock's. 10/6. ; . Superbly illustrated in color, the book Is notable for. Its gaiety, Its freshness : of outlook, and the absence of any observations either for or against "Fascismo" or Mussolini. There are a few general references to the great force which Is now attempt ing . to remould Italy, but the book .is written primarily for the. sheer Joy of writing about a well-beloved country, and secondarily In the hope of inter esting new travellers in various pre dominant-spiritual and material phen omena, certain habits 'of the mind, and : moral inclinations of a nation "for which the author' ha"s a.n intense affec tion. ' - - "THE WESTMINSTER ALICE," by "Saki" London JObn Lane; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 3/6. These sketches, in the. style of "Alice In Wonderland.' belong- to the period of the Boer Wat, and were originally published In the ''Westminster (la-- zette." They still retain their pqn . gency, however, and, although -it may- sound like sacrilege to say, so,;, they gtrq . In some respects more amusing than the original "Alice." In - the present edition, the illustration by F. Car ruthers Gould, deliberately imitative of , Sir John Tennlel's style, are repro duced. "The notes serve to make clear1' some of the points that may be ob scure: to a generation' that thinks of . "war" in terms of the year 1914, and not 1900. "JOYS OP LIFE," by A- Woman of No Impdr- tanco. London, John Murray ; Sydney, An- gus and Robertson. 20/. Another book by the- authoress of "Memories: Discreet and Indiscreet." Here you have comments on -r.he 'vari- " ous ways of making love; funny r stories of officers, blg-wlgs, Begums; wise remarks concerning old -age. Ara bian customs, and cooking; anecdotes of children, and famous persons, such as Kitchener, Lansdowne, Queen Vic toria— and a host of others. "THE TENDERFOOT." by Herman WhitakCT. . ' Iiondon, Collins ; Sydney, Moore's : Book Shop. . . A book of Wild West short stories. Each is full of action — or should we say "pep" — and for good measure, oe- side the thrills with which all Wild West stories must be. garnished, there is a-more than ordinarily liberal sprink ling of genuine humor. ' . "CARDINAL NEWMAN," by William Barry, D.D. (Rome). London, Hoddor nod Stougnl ' ton ; Sydney. Angus and Robertson. .- An addition to the "People's Library." In eight ehapters.'it Bets forth the in- cidents of the ea'rly years "of the great Cardinal's life; an -account of- the1 Tractarian movement; the history of the first Catholic period; - an explana- : tionr>of the famous Apologia; -and an " appraisement of , Newman's place in1 history. "THE CASE-BOOK OP SHERLOCK HOLMES,'.' by Arthur Conan Doyle. Londod, John.. Murray; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. 5/6. . We have lost oount .oif : the. number . of times that ' Sherlock ' Holmes has been resur- -. rected by his disV ... / tlngulshed author. Good old Watson 1 again , appear, "but his 1 master now openly gibes at him as being ' "slow in his brain' , processes.'' . But Watson Is Indis pensable. He asks the right ques-- k tlons at the right ' moments; he 'is properly r aston- . Ished at his mas- - " ter's perspicacity; e ven as he was . . 20 or more years > ago.. The mar .- chinery of some ' oi . tne - stories creaks a little more -loudly thdn It used to do, but there is at. least one novelty -, introduced — Sherlock himself i tells some of the stories. Instead of leaving the job to good old Watson. The only other observable difference between these Holmes stories and the scores. that preceded them Is that Sir Arthur- v has besnrlnkled them here and1 there with little bits of spiritualistic propa ganda. " ' "TREASURE," by Gordon Ray Young. Lon don, Harrap; Sydney, Angus and Robertson, 5/6. ' ' ; It is a hotch-potch of wild char acters and wild 1 adventures, but the', writer has the art of making the im possible seem possible. Imagine a hid den treasure In a secret stronghold 'of Chinese pirates. Imagine a mysterious - young Chinaman, who holds the sec ret. And then try to Imagine a set of circumstances which would bring to gether the young Chinaman, a beau- 'tiful French snake-charmer, a ruffian ly young American who was yet a hero, two old salts, who provide comic relief, hordes of Chinese pirates, . and-1 a yellow -robed Chinese pirate-captain, - sufficiently sinister to freeze the blood of a toughened novel-reader. -The ' story Is a splendid feat of lmagina- , tion, and moves with a rush from the opening scene on a Pacific Island to the closing ' scene of torture in the pirates' lair. . y - SusanErtz. Maurice De kobra. _ .«r. .... r ; — ;.-,v . GEORGE A BIRMINGHAM (Canon HANNAY), whose new novel, "Up the Rebels!" has just been published. Sir A. Conan Doyle; ' 