 BOOKS OE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW "BBOTHER SAUL," by Donn Byrne. London, Sampson Low ; Sydney, Angus and Rob ertson. 5/fi. A FELLOW-STUDENT, ,t now in Sydney, describes. Donn Byrne, as. he appeared at University College; Dublin. "He was of the thin, nervous type," says his fellow-student, "vivid In speech and gesture, with the wistful cadences of his Gaelic ancestors, and perhaps just a little of their blarney sounding even in his every-day utter ances." That nervousness and wistful- ness and Gaelic persuasiveness have been carried over into Sis professional prose. In his new novel,, his especial qualities — one1 hesitates to call them literary tricks — are exploited to their full extent.. It is a book that will bring zest to the appetite even of the most surfeited of novel readers. Consider the career of this amazing young Irishman. 'Having taken his de gree in Dublin in 1910, having shone as a speaker on literary and historical subjects, at the University Debating Club/he disappears for a few years into Europe. Not for him a leisured literary career. His people, County Antrim people of peasant stock, could afford no grand start in life for him. In Berlin and Paris he eaimed his llv- lng as a Berlitz teacher of .English, and while in those cities lie acquired a mastery over spoken German and French. Thence he went to America, virtually penniless. He obtained a staff appointment to a newspaper, wrote, short stories, and suddenly blromed as a novelist of Irish' 18th cemary life. His best novel, however, before the pub lication of "'Brother Saul" was "Mes- ser Marco Polo." "Brother, Saul" is greater in subject, greater in treat ment, than any of its predecessors. Novelists before Donxi Byrne have woven their fancies round the sparse details of the life of Saul of Tarsus that are given us in theSNew Testa ment. But none has succeeded as has Donn Byrne in recreating the life and times of the man who put Christianity permanently on the map of the world. Apparently equipped with immense erudition, and certainly equipped with an imagination that pierces to the core .of historical mysteries, Byrne presents, us with a fascinating story that will make many a hardened Unbeliever be gin to wonder whether there is not something after all in religion. For the rest, Donn .... Byrne has crammed his novel with vivid charac- ter sketches, daring- elucidations of obscure facts about the man of Tarsus, and lively , reconstructions of scenes that for some of us have become mere rigid memories of Sunday School les sons. "THE UNKNOWN GODDESS," by Ruth Cross. : New York and London', Harper ' and Bro thers. Our copy from. the. publishers. Sydney, Angus and Robertson, ..and D.t- mock's. ' 5/6. . . ' . With the reverberations q£ the storm made by "Elmer Gantry" still echoing in our ears, this story of another evan gelist and his partner demands atten tion. . Jarnigan, who makes a liv ing by conducting revival meetings, is just as sinister If: not as lurid a figure as Gantry. Sinclair Lewis would have us believe that - Sharon Falconer, the faith-healer who consorted with Gan try, was a self-deluded faker. Noel Higgins, the " faith-healer, In Ruth Cross's novel, Is presented as an en tirely sincere worker of well-authenti cated "miracles." Primarily the book is not meant to be an "exposure" of revivalists and re vivalism. It is a destructive study of a mother socially ambitious for her children, and a very sympathetic re cital, of the troubles virtually forced upon those children through the foolish ambitions of the mother. Noel, the outcast daughter, who becomes a power in the land; Larry Monteith, the young doctor who loved her; Rev. Jarnigan, the revivalist, who. leaves his wife and children to starve; old atheist, Colonel Wiley; and Mrs. Higgins, the ambitious mother, are but a few of the bril liantly conceived characters that move through a story tliat deserves to be more widely read than is "Elmer Gantry." "HUMOUR OF TO-DAY/' selected by F. H. Pritchard. London, Harrap ; Sydney, Angus and Robertson. What a godsend after piffling novels, of which not one . in twenty had any true right to be printed! Humor, as the Easterns say, "is the other side of God," and there Is surely something divine in the ability to arouse hearty laughter. Almost everybody with the divine ability Is represented- in this un cannily clever selection/ We have O. Henry telling of. the Making of a Noo Yorker. Here is the gentle . Irishman, George A Birmingham, unfolding the story of a miraculous cook; Stephen Leacock with the best of intentions puts the goad into Oxford; Basil Macdonald Hastings presents the up roarious history of the once-ayear cricketer; H. G. Wells, who, though you may not suspect it,., is a humorist, gives us the inside details- of the war be- tween Mr: Polly and Uncle Jim for the possession , of Potwell Inn — and 21 other Makers of. Laughter are called oh for their best. "THE WOMEN -IN -THE CASE," by Loull , : . Tracy, . Loudon, Hoder and Stoughton) . Sydney, Dymock's. 6/6. Doughty heroes; dainty ladies, de« liberate detectives, and a dash of de- monology all help to, season Louis Tracy's latest fhurder mystery. No: expense has been spared, so that the yarn is likely to make, even many sea son ticket-holders go past their sta- . tions. "ON DESERT . ALTARS," by Norma Lorimer, London, Stanley Paul; Sydney, Dymock's. ' 5/6. ' ' Tunis, .Carthage, the magic of the Orient, glow once more for us in Miss Lorimer's hew book. The story of the Beautiful Young Girl, however, whose ' Virtue was Unassailable (haven't we all sighed rapturously over her in our surreptitious novelette-reading days?)-., but who, to . save her husband's life, paid the' old price in the old way, lacks the power' of conviction in these enlightened days. ' "THE BONDWOMAN," by G. U. Ellis. Lon- don, Duckworth ; Sydney, Angus and Bo- . bertson. : 5/6. Julian Ballantyne has a medical de gree, but- a post-war nostalgia will not- - let him find satisfaction in his pro-; fession. He is pre-occupied with love, and, being of independent income, has plenty of leisure in which to find him- / self a mate. Yet when he stumbles on her lie muddles things just as any poor devil might do who has to spend eight or nine hours a day earning a living. Just why he and Leo Brough- ton do not marry, only Leo — and . the author— seem to know, and they keep the secret well. Leo is a charming, if rather aimless, mixture of sentimental scruples, quixotic self-sacrifice, and passiohate abandon. Mr. Ellis de votes much space to explaining just why she. is- nevertheless essentially pure — for -no apparent reason, unless it is with the idea of satisfying the library censor. In fact, he is inclined to act too much as showman to his characters instead of letting them" speak for themselves. The book, how ever, has a charming atmosphere, and the parting of Julian and Leo is told with a sweet restraint, as if it were the gentle scattering of a drift of rose- leaves before a ' puff of autumn wind. Here and there, too, there are passages which show that the ' writer is well abreast of' the thought of his time, 'so that the inconelusiveness ' of the main : story is all the more disappointing. DONN BYRNE. OLIVE WADSLEY. 