 Books and Bookmen The South Seas To-day "SOUTH SEA SETTLERS," by J. R. and B. B. Grey. (London, Arrowsmlth.- Sydney, Dymock's.) Innumerable dreams of romance have been woven about the South Sea Islands until they have becom, hardly mundane places in the minds of those who have never seen them; but, rather, little corners of fairyland where 'all women are beautiful and alluring, and life wanders on upon the breast of sleepy tides and the wings of scented winds. But here are the islands from the point of view of the people who lead an everyday existence in them, and to whom they are just as familiar and un- romantic as the pavements of cities. Even so, despite the authors' careful warning that this is no book of. the vaporings of romantic young writers, there is no escaping the charm of the islands — "a lotus " land, and he who leaves it is still under the spell, and will surely be drawn back to its white beaches and swaying palms." The volume, which is rather quaintly illustrated with linoleum cuts 'as well as photographs, tells the story of a couple who married and settled down to make their home in the islands. It. has all the grip of a sincerely plain narrative, which seeks_-to deal in noth ing but plain facts and truth, and its conclusions are interesting. >' On the much-discussed question of the suitability of the white race for life and work in the tropics, the authors declared that temperament is a far more important factor than phy- . sical strength. Children they say, should not be brought to -the Islands unless they can be sent away to school; but. this warning is uttered more from the point of view of moral upbringing than of health. The book concludes with a page of advice for those who feel inclined £o follow the example of the authors. It is a page mainly of "Don'ts," but with la paragraph at the end of it to the effect that if the "Don'ts" do not apply her£ there is more to be got out of life on a microscopic income than any place known to the writers; 