 IN 14 DAYS. " I ?- " I FLIGHT TO LONDON. --? MR. KEITH ANDERSON TO MAKE ATTEMPT., SYDNEY, September S. Mr. Keith Anderson will leave Mascot at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, jn conjunction wit Mr. Hitchcock, in an endeavour to fly to london in 14 days, and thus beat Squadron-Leader "tinkler's record. Mr. Anderson has achieved some notable flights during the past 11 years. He stated that he started with the Royal Flying Corps in September, 1027, and had considerable flying ex- perience on active service and in Eng- land with the Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Air Force. In 1922 he Joined the Western Australian Airways, Ltd., and for two years was pilot on their North-west air mail route. Squadron Leader Kingsford Smith also was a pilot on the same service at the same time. Mr. Anderson left the Western Australian Airways, Ltd., in March, 1924, and in January, 1927, purchased from the Western Australian Airways, Ltd., the 'plane that he is using on his present flight to England, and flew It from Perth to Sydney, in just over three days. Mr. Hitchcock, who on that occasion accompanied him, is again with him on the present flight. as comrade, engineer, and general assistant. In company with Mr. Hitch- cock and Mr. C. C. Vivian, Mr. Ander- son made the first commercial flight around Australia, for Messrs. Georgs Bond and Co., Ltd., during June and July, last year, this trip taking under It days. To date he has over 1G00 hours flying to his credit in many different types "f machines. About 900 hours have b:en done on Bristol tourers, and other types flown Include the Moth and three englned Fokker, Southern Cross. A Bristol tourer coupe biplane, fitted with a Siddeley Puma engine of 210 h.p" is being used for the flight to England. This machine is somewhat of a veteran, having done over 1300 hours flying on the Western Australian airways,mail route before Mr. Ander- son purchased it in January, 1927. r is a tribute to the workmanship of this adaptation from the war type known as the Bristol fighter, designed in 1916, that such an old British 'plane should be capable of attempting such a flight. The engine, which, of course, has not had anything like so long a period of service as the 'plane, is in thoroughlv good condition. Before en paging with Mr. Anderson in the flights already referred to Mr. Hitch- cock was for over five years a valued engineer of Western Australian Air- ways. Ltd., and enjoys as the result, of all his aviation engineering, the unbounded confidence of the Depart- ment of Civil Aviation. The story of Mr. Anderson's present flight to England has been secured by the Australian Press Association, and h8 vill despatch messages, describing his progress and experlenres from each of his landing nlaces. These will ap- pear in the "Brisbane Courier." 