 FLYING TO LONDON. OUT TO BEAT HINKLER. ANDERSON STARTS TO-DAY. ยก SYDNEY, September 3. Mr. Keilli Anderson expects to leave Sydney early to-morrow morning in au endeavour to Hy to jLondon in 14 days, and tims beat Hinklcr's record. Anderson has achieved some notable flights during the past ll years. He started with the Royal Flying Corps in September, 1927, and had considerable Hying experience on active service and in England with the Royal Elying Corps and thc Royal Air Force. fn 1922; he joined the Western Australian Airways Gorps and for two years was pilot on their north-west air mail route. "Kingsford-smith was also a pilot on the same service at the same time. HIS COMPANION. Anderson left Western Australian Airways Ltd. in March 1924, and in January 1927. purchased from them the 'lilane that he is using on his present flight. He flew it from Perth to Syd- ney in just over three days. Mr. Hitch- cock. _ who on that occasion accompan- ied him. ts again with him on thc pre- sent flight as comrade, engineer and general assistant. In company with Hitchcock and C . C. Vivian, Anderson made the_ first' commercial flight around Australia for George A. Bond and Coy Ltd. during June and July last year, this trip tak- ing under 14" days. j VETERAN PLANE. , To date, he has-over 1,600 hours .fly-. I ipg to his credit in many different types ' of machines, about 900 hours having been done on Bristol Tourers. A Bris- tol Tourer Coupe biplane, fitted with a Siddeley Puma engine of 240 h.p., is being used for thc flight to England. This machine is somewhat of a veteran, having done over 1,300 hours flying on the Western Australian Airways mail route before Anderson purchased it hi January 1927. ' Before engaging with Anderson in the flights referred to, Hitchcock was for over five vears engineer of Western Australian Airways Ltd. PROGRESS REPORTS. The story of Anderson's present "flight to England has been secured by the Australian Press Association, and he will despatch messages' describing his progress and experience from each of his lauding places, 