 SECOND AUSTRALIAN CONTEMPLATES LONG, LONE FLIGHT n ' COULD START FROM BRITAIN IN TEN DAYS, SAY FRIENDS Westland Widgeon 'Plane Purchased Capable of Thousand Miles' ! Non-stop, Run HOLIDAY AMONG SYDNEY RELATIVES ! ("Pictorial" Special Service) (; LONDON, Thursday. Another Australian, a native of New South Wales this time, is contemplating a lone flight from England to Australia. This is Wing Commander Edye R. Manning, now second in command of R.A.F. depot at Oxbridge, who served in the war with the British Air Force. 7 HEN in terview'ed, Commander Manning declined to give details, and said it was uncertain whether he (would make the attempt, but probably :?would announce his decision next .iweek. Inquiries elsewhere disclose that Commander Manning has made exten- ' sive preparations forrthe flight, which he proposes to undertake for the pur pose of using his service furlough for re-visiting his relatives in Sydney. London friends assert that Man ning's arrangements have reached such a stage that he could start in ten days. He visited Sir Granville Ryrie, at Aus tralia House, to-day. It is understood that he planned the trip before Hinkler started on his. The airman recently discussed with the ciyil aviation authorities several routes, including Hinkler's, and an other via Turkey. If he takes the Mediterranean -North Africa route he may travel by France, Corsica, Sar dinia, and Tunis, instead of Kerne, Malta, and Tripoli. Thereafter he would follow Hinkler's route to Dar win and Sydney. Commander Manning has bought a Westland Widgeon two-seater light monoplane, fitted with a British Cirrus No. 2 single engine. The 'plane weighs, empty, 8501b., with a normal allowance for pilot and a passenger of 4201b. It has a maximum speed of 100 miles an hour, and, with extra tanks instead of a passenger, could carry sufficient pet rol for 1000 miles. fianced to Captain Chambers, general manager of British Airships, Ltd. The company has inaugurated air- taxis, and is charging 9d a mile. The "Daily Mail" says that Mr. F. P. Young, the English pilot and inven tor, is advertising for passengers for a trans -Atlantic flight oh July 1 in a multiple-engine flying boat seating 20, and which is being constructed to Young's design. The venture is being financed by a Singapore business man to the extent of £45,000. . Mystery 'Plane Locked in Hangar WASHINGTON, Thursday. A new Ballanca mystery 'plane is locked up in a hangar at Boiling Field, groomed for attempts at altitude and endurance records. All details are being kept secret, including .the name of the owner. Tired of fighting the ice and cold, George Haldeman and Eddie Stinson went to Florida last week, and this morning started an endurance flight. Aeroplane Expedition to New Guinea ("Pictorial" Special Service.) WASHINGTON, Thursday. Preparations are nearing completion for an aeroplane expedition to New Guinea on behalf of the TJ.S. Depart ment of Agriculture. A search will be made for primi tive types of sugarcane for experimen tal use by the department. The 'plane will be piloted by Richard Peck; who was one of the pilots of the expedition under the direction of Dr. Matthews Sterling, of the Smithsonian Institute, which studied race pygmies in Nassau Mountain. The machine is scheduled to leave New York on Saturday, and will be flown first to Washington and then to San Francisco, for shipment to Aus tralia. THE TYPE OF LIGHT PLANE to be used by Wing-Commander Manning in bis proposed England- to- Australia flight — a Westland Widgeon. 