 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 14 DAYS BY BRITISH AIRSHIPS pwtrw - ; ; FLYING TESTS OF NEW CRAFT TO BE MADE THIS YEAR Three Years of Patient Research and Experiment Devoted to Work of Construction NIGHT AND DAY TRAVEL IN COMFORT ( "Pictorial' Special Service) LONDON, Tuesday. Introducing the Air Estimates lor the coming financial year, Sir Samuel Hoare, Secretary for Air, said that during the summer and winter of this year, both new airships should be completed and dobs their fivins tests. '"If the experiment succeeds," he declared, "it will revolu tionise transport, create a new British industry, and bring the farther capitals of the Empire within a fortnight of ; London." . The problem which the Air Ministry was trying to solve was, he explained, that of quicker Imperial communicar tions. or how to £ir Samuel Hoare. give the Empire the p h y si c al unity it had never before' possessed. Ship ping, at least for many years to come, would not ap- I pear capable of solving the problem. The aeroplane would be in valu able Tor shorter journeys, but its range -and its' small size must for some time to come. seriously handicap it in dealing with distances involving non-stop flights of thousands bf miles. An All-Red Route The airship, on the other hand, if it could be .proved safe and dependable, -could fly night and day in comfort, and, with a range of 2000 or 3000 miles, need never make use of foreign terri tory in its journeys from one part of the 'Empire to the other. "I suppose," continued the Minister, "we could probably have built both airships in little more than a year. But, so anxious have we been to elimi nate any avoidable risk that we have, spent the best part of three years upon research and experiment, and upon an effort to harmonise the calculations of theory with the lessons of experience and experiments." Sir Samuel, Hoare said he hoped during the year to make a beginning with the biggest scheme in the civil air route, namely, a weekly service by aeroplane to India, bringing Delhi within seven days, and Calcutta within nine days, of London. 