 : / IN 10 DAYS. | SYDNEY TO LONDON. ? ? ? SPIRIT OF AUSTRALIA. SYDNEY, October 15. From Sydney to London in 10 days, and Sydney to London and back in 28- days, is the objective of the flight which Captain Frank Hurley and Flying Officer Moir will make in the Ryan monoplane, Spirit of Australia, at an early date. The christening of the monoplane took place at the Richmond aerodrome to-day, and a luncheon in honour of the occasion afterwards was held at the Royal Hotel, Richmond. Mr. T. E. Role, who purchased the machine, said that he invested in it some ol the money he obtained from the Sydney City Council for the re- sumption of his property in Mac quarle-street. . Sir James Murdoch, M.L.C., who is assisting in the financing of the flight, said that he was interested because he desired' to see an improvement in the system of communication between Eng- land and Australia. He believed that the best means of doing this was by commercial aviation. He advised the pilot, Flying Officer Moir, not to ahn at any mock heroics in his endeavour to make a record flight to London, but to be careful and cautious, as by these methods the cause of aviation would be best served. Flying Officer Moir, in reply, said that he would show the canniness of a Scot, and take all necessary precau- tions. He would make no promises before he left, but he hoped they would be able to talk about something ac- complished when they came'back. CAPTAIN HURLEY'S REGRET. . Captain Hurley expressed regret that he had to go to America for the machine for the flight, but the fact was that there was no suitable British machine available. When he asked a British firm for a machine with an aerial rapacity of 2000 miles he was laughed at. The best that could be offered in Britain was a machine for £8000 with an aerial capacity of 900 miles. He was hopeful that when the British manufacturer saw this machine in England, and realised that what was wanted in Australia was a ma- chine capable of flying from one side of the continent to the other, they would begin to build aeroplanes and seaplanes to meet Australian require- ments. The Spirit of Australia cost £3700, and had a range of more than aO00 miles. SENTIMENTAL ADVANTAGES. Mr. W. A. Holman, speaking at the luncheon, said that the sentimental advantages of quick communication be- tween England and Australia were Incalculable. In the matter of migra- tion Canada got the best from Britain, as the people knew that the distance was not more than eight or ten days, and they had a knowledge of persons who Went to Canada and did well, and returned home on a visit. In the case of Australia they thought of relatives or acquaintances going out as if on a journey of exploration to an unknown country. They knew of many people who left Great Britain, but very few who returned. Even the visit of the Big Four showed that Australia was an unknown country to a great many persons in Great Britain. Those commercial magnates were out to explore Australia In much the same spirit as that in which a missionary went out on an exploration through a cannibal country. That feeling would be removed If Australians of the present generation were able to make quick and frequent visits to Britain. PROPOSED ROUTE. The Spirit of Australia, christened to-day by Mr. Rofe, Is a Ryan mono- plane, built on the same model as the machine in which Colonel 'Lindbergh flew 'across the Atlantic, and the engine Is a later model, with a greater power. It Is graded at 220 h.p., and makes 1600 revolutions a minute. The -petrol consumption is IO miles to the gallon. The storage capacity has Men increased by an additional tank to 250 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3000 miles.' The route to be followed in the main will be that taken by Sir Alan Cobham and Mr. Bert Hinkler, but It Is proposed to make fewer night stops than either of these aviators. It is estimated that the aerial distance to be covered is 12,000 miles, and it is expected that some days 2000 miles will be covered. Flying Officer Moir said that by doing 1200 miles a day, or about 12 hours flying, it "would be possible to make the journey from Richmond (N.S.W.) to Croydon (England) inside 10 days. The ground organisation has been completed. The Shell Co. has l&ld down supplies for the whole journey. The wireless transmitting and receiv- ing apparatus will be in constant com- munication with Australia or London for the whole of the flight. It is hoped to begin the flight early, next week. Trial flights to-day were entirely satisfactory. Flying Officer Moir, who has been granted a month's leave for the flight, had active service experi- ence with No. 3 squadron of the Aus- tralian Flying Corps in France, and since has been attached to the Citi- zen Air Force at Richmond. 