 TO LONDON AND BACK Twenty-eight Days' Journey Attempt by Hurley and Moir ?' Spirit of Australia SYDNEY, October 15 From Sydney to London in 10 days, and Sydney to London and back in 28 days, is the objective of the flight which Captain Frank Hurley and Flying-Officer Moir will make in the Ryan monoplane, Spirit of Australia, at an early date. Tho christening of the mon plane took place at the Richmond airdrome to-day, and a luncheon in honour of the occasio.n was after- wards held at the "Royal Hotel, Richmond. Mr. T. E. Rofe, who purchased the machine, said that ho . invested in It some of the money ho obtained from the Sydney City Council for the re sumptgin of his property in Macquarie Street. Sir James Murdoch, M.L.C., who is assisting in the financing of the "flight, said that ho was interested because ho desired to seo an improvement in the system of communication between Eng- land and Australia. Ho believed that the best means of doing this was by commercial aviation. Ho advised the pllat, Flylng-Oflicer Moir, not to aim at any mock heroics in his endeavour to make a record flight to London, but to bo careful and cautious, as by theso methods the cause of aviation would be best served. CANNY AS A SCOT. Vlying-Oillcer Moir said that he would show the cannlness of a Scot, and take all necessary precautions. Ile would make no promises before ho left, but he hoped that they would be able to talk about something accomplished when they como back. Captain Hurley expressed regret that he had to go to America for the ma- chine for the flight, but the fact was that there was no suitable British ma- chine available, When he asked a Brit- ish firm for a machine with an aerial capacity of 2,000 miles, he was laughed at The best that could be offered in Britain waa a machine for £8,000, with an aerial capaolty of 900 miles. He was hopeful that when the British manufac- turers saw this machine ¡n England, and realised that what was wanted In Australia was a machine capable of flying from one side of the continent to the other, they would begin to bulli! airplanes and seaplanes to meet Aus- tralian requirements. The Spirit of Australia cost £3,700, and had a range of moro than 2,000 miles. UNKNOWN AUSTRALIA. Mr. W. A. Holman said that the sentimental advantages of quick com- munication between England and Aus- tralia were incalculable. In the matter of migration, Canada got tho best from Britain, as tho people knew that the dis- tance was not more than eight or ten days, and they had a knowledge of per- sons who went to Canada and did well, and returned home on a visit. In the case of Australia, they thought of rela- tives or acquaintances going out as if on a journey of exploration to an unknown country. They knevvT of many people who had left Great Britain, hut very few who returned. Even tho visit of the "Big Pour" showed that Australia was an unknown country to a great many people In Groat Britain. These commer- cial magnates wore out to explore Aus- tralia in much the same spirit as that which a missionary went out on an ex- ploration through a cannibal country. That feeling would bo removed It Aus- tralians of tho prosont generation w.ere ablo to make quick and frequent visits to Britain. THE MONOPLANE. The Spirit of Australia, christened to- day by Mr. Rofe, is a Ryan monoplane built on the same model as the machine in which Colonel Lindbergh flow across the Atlantic, and the engine is a later model with greater power. It Is graded at 220 h.p. and makes 1.G00 revolutions a minute. Tho petrol consumption Is 10 miles to the gallon. The storage capa- city has been Increased by an. addi- tional tank to 350 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. The route to be followed will, in tho main, bo that taken hy Sir*Alan Cobham and Squadron-Leader Bert. Hinkler, but it Is proposed to make fewer night stops than either of those aviators. It is estimat- ed that the aerial distance to be covered U 12,000 miles, and It is expected that some days 2,000 miles will be covered. Flying-Officer Moir said that by doing 1 200 miles a day, or about 12 hours' fly- ing, it would be possible to make the journey from Richmond (N.S.W.) to Croydon (England) inside 10 days. The ground organisation had been complet- ed. The Shell Co. had laid down oil and petrol supplies at airflromes approxim- ately 000 miles apart for the whole jour- ney. Wireless transmitting and receiv- ing apparatus was being installed in the machine, and it was hoped that the avia- tors would be in constant communica- tion with Australia or London for the whole of the (light. It was hoped to be- gin the flight early next week. The trial flights to-day were entirely satls Flylng-Offlcer Moir, who has been granted a month's leave for the flight, had activo service experience with the No. 2 Squadron of tho Australian Fly- ing Corps In France, and has since been attached to the Citizen Air Force at 