 THE: SOUTHERN CROSS ? ON LAST BIG HOP^TO LONDON MAY BEAT RECORD 'TWO DAYS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE' SYDNEY GETS RADIOS REAVING Rome at dawn to-day, the Southern Cross is expected to reach London in the afternoon. The record for the eight — 16 dayi — will thiu be reduced. At 2.27 pm. the Amalgamated Wireless station at La Peroute picked up direct tignaU from the Southern Crou shortly after the 'plane left Rome. The actual menage as transmitted ivat:— 'Here Southern Crots bound London from Rome. We are heading up toward Genoa then out over the Gulf of Genoa towards Monaco.' A message at 3.10 p.m. stated: — 'We are patting the island of Elba dote on the starboard side.' 'A'ruu' Special HOME, Tuesday. ^'Ki, niaw rtitiicd Athens from liigdad ct 7 o'clock on Monday night, and left again lor Rome this morning. reach Ing here at 2.35 this afternoon. To-morrow's hop, from Rome to Lon don, Is about 1200 miles. Interviewed on his arrival at Rome this afternoon. Squadron-Leader Klngs ford-Smlth said he estimated they were a good two days ahead of schedule. They had had a difficult thp across (he Adriatic Sea and across the moun tain/) between Brlndlsl and Naples, wficic they met strong head winds. liny ThU map ?hows Che places mentioned In tbe Southern Cross message*. thought they would have to refuel at Naples, but found they had sufficient petrol to enable them to proceed to Home. The crew of the Southern Cross was met at the aerodrome by Count dl Uu'ul lant, representing Slgnor Balbo, the Italian Minister for Air. 'MACHINE TOO HEAW 'We are tired, but fit,' Squadron Lcader Klngsford-Smllli told an Inter viewer. 'I'd do It all over again If ll were necessary, but If I had to repeat the trip I would use ft lighter machine. 'The EouUiem Cross Is extremely heavy, weighing when fully loaded moie tliaa six and a half tons. The majority of Uklng-off grounds. If wet or sandy, cannot carry that weight. 'When taking off at Calcutta, ire struck i bamboo pole, placed there oy some stupid native. 'We encountered very hot weather at Rangoon and Bagdad. This caused u-.e engines to overheat, and engine trouble caused us to take shorter bops than we had Intended.' ?We were delighted to meet our old friend dn Plnedo, whom we first met In Australia.' The Southern Cross looks like a weather-beaten windjammer. The crew retired early to-night. In order to be Ircsh for the last great stage ol their flight to-morrow. WILL RETLBV TO HOME Prominent men In the aviation and motoring world entertained tbe crew of the Southern Cross at luncheon at Lll torlo airport. Responding to the toast ol his health. Kingston! Smith said he had never seen a better-equipped airport He appre ciated the reception, and would take an early opportunity of returning to Rome. gamated Wireles.- engineers, who erected a special aerial Bnrl receiver. 