 THE WORLD'S GREATEST AIRMAN HOME AGAIN "SMITHY," FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 13 DAYS! - - v \ » . 1 " On Schedule, As Always, He Gets Great Welcome At Mascot FIANCEE GREETS HIM WITH A KISS From out of the grey clouds he came , swooped low , . roared over thousands of uplifted faces, shot sky - wards, and gracefully glided to earth . There was nothing spectacular about it, nothing unexpected, nothing Sensational. It was just "Smithy," from London in 13 days. . Nothing to brag about. Just "Smithy" finishing a job in his - usual no-fuss-and-bother fashion. ' y He had promised to land the Southern Cross Junior at Mascot at 3 o'clock. His watch must have been fast, because he hit the Mascot soil at five minutes to 3. But nobody was surprised. Nobody is surprised at a anything "Smithy" does. ( ' E had flown from Lon- don to Sydney in a single-seater 'plane in 13 days! Twenty thou sand people lined the aerodrome to welcome him, and, if every one of them went there prepared to cheer until hoarse, the nonchalant manner of "Smithy's" arrival had the effect of almost stifling sound. The Southern Cross Jnr. and its escort were first sighted at a quarter to three, and a few minutes after they were roaring overhead. "Smithy" dropped below them, circled the aero drome, and landed easily. Kiss of Welcome He taxied up to the flagged en closure, and there appeared from the cockpit the bronzed and smil ing face of the airman; A voice was heard: "Chilla! Chilla!" and a pair of soft arms - were around Smithy's neck. "Miss Powell/ Miss Powell! Turn the kiss on again, just once more. . ." "Be a sport, Mary! Another kiss. He likes it!" This from hungry camera men, but Mary Powell had no ears nor eyes for other than "Chilla." Triumphant Progress ' He was hoisted aboard a lorry and driven around the 'drome, to the de light of the hero-worshippers. As he jogged around it was hard to believe that the smiling figure in old plus- fours and ragged Norfolk jacket was Wing-Commander Kingsford Smitn, the world's greatest airman. After he had been officially wel comed and presented with a boomerang by the Mayor of Mascot (Aid. Alexander) he was taken to afternoon tea arranged by National Airways, LtcL High Praise Mr. P. H. Stewart, chairman of the company, said that in these days of . divided opinion it was refreshing to know that everybody was unanimous, in acclaiming the wonderful flight. Mr. Beasley (Assistant Federal Minister) :"It is exploits of this character that build nations, and Kingsford Smith can justly be named 'King of the' Air.' " Mr. Boyce (Attorney General) : "We are glad to associate Kingsford Smith once more with victory. If he carried out his intention of not taking part in any more long flights he will retire with a reputation which can never be outshone." Mr. C. T. P. Ulm: It is no good "Smithy" telling us lie had weather and luck. It was the man who did the job, and the man was "Smithy." Sir Keith Smith: There is no man in the world to-day who would cap what Kingsford Smith has done. . Mr. Kitto (Deputy P.M.G.) said Kingsford Smith's achievement was a. magnificent credit to civilisation, and paid a tribute to National Air ways for their air mail activities. MRS- KINGSFORD : SMITH'S heart beat proudly yesterday as she kissed "Smithy'/ her welcome. 