 WINGS OF THE WIND Kingsford Smith's Flight from London to Sydney in Thirteen Days A REAL WIZARD OF THE AIR Aviation history has been made again by Wlng-Oommander Klngsford Smith, who Is now acclaimed as the world's greatest aviator. By flying solo from London to Darwin In ton and a half days ho clipped five days off tho record for the England to Auitralla flight held slnco February, 1028, by Squadron Leader Bert Illnkler, thus adding another achievement to his already long list of aerial triumphs. Tho race between Klngsford Slmth, Fllght-Llcutonant Hill, and Captain Mat thews created Intense interest, nnd as the space separating tho three 'planes be came narrower enthusiasm Increased, Feeling was running high by the time Matthews arrived unexpectedly at Dar win on Saturday, after being delayed nln6tccn days at Bangkok. Ills actual flying time was thirteen days ten hours. He announced that the two other airmen were following olose behind, and when they did not appear by nightfall a feel Ing of anxiety took possession of tho people. Later In the evening, however, It was reported that Hill had orashed while tak ing off from Dllll aerodrome (Timor island), where ho had landed In his flight from Atamboea to Sourabaya. The plane was wrecked, and Hill was not in jured, although It must have been a great disappointment to havo had victory snatched from him so closo to Ills goal, for If ho had reached Darwin he would have flown from England to Australia in thirteen days, Kingsford Smith, flying over Dim, noticed tho wrecked 'plane nnd landed to Investigate, and was deeply affected when ho learnt of Hill's crash. He said afterwards! 'It was pitiful to sco his maohlno smashed up and to soo a gal lant pilot lose all he had fought for so pluoklly and had endured so much to attain,' Klngsford Smith remained at Dim ovor-nlght, and on Sunday set out for Darwin, landing thero at 1.60 p.m. Re marknblo enthusiasm was shown, practi cally every resident of Darwin flocking to the aorodromo to cheer him Leaving Darwin early on Monday. Klngsford Smith reached Olonniirrv thai night nnd proceeded to Drlsbano the fol lowing day. Tho fact that ho Is a natlvo of nrlsbano assured him a warm welcome, and huge crowds lined tho routo from tho aerodrome to tho city. On Wednes day ho flow to Sydney, landing nt Mascot aorodromo about 3 p.m. A trcmcndouB crowd gave him a great ovation, and ho was cheered to the echo. Wednesday was his thirteenth day out from London, and his achievement was acclaimed by lead Ing aviators of all countries as tho world's greatest solo flight, 'Smithy'— The Man ninuelf. A few days ago a representative of the Vacuum oil Company called at the homo of 'Smithy's' fiancee, Miss Powell, of Melbourne, to discuss tho prospects of tho England to Australia flight, whloh had not then been begun. 'Wo wero a ? ??-av uwnuba llbu I'UUIH, nut UIHIllI, BU1U Miss Powell, 'but wo do not Jed the slightest concern about tho flight from England to Australia. Why, Ohllla Is tho safest pilot In tho world I' Tho safest pilot In tho world I That practically sums up his standing as nn airman. It substantiates, too, what his mother thinks about the matter. 'In the air,' sho said, 'ho Is all decision and certainty, and ho takes command natur ally, when ho stops out of his 'plane, all that falls away, and ho Is tho goner ous, Impulsive boy his father and I know so well.' Fame, and the spoils of victory, have never worried Klngsford Smith, When ho roturned from the war, his people wore anxious to see some of the decora tions ho had won. A search of his kit bap/' revealed not a rello of tho firing line, A much worn photograph of Miss Nellie Stewart, tho famous actress, which she gave him before ho enlisted, was tho oniy mascot no carried with mm. This photograph went with him through all the vicissitudes of a war-tlmo pilot. Dur ing his Pacific Flight, It was under the pilot's seat. In evory subsequent flight, It was with him. It was with him when ho crossed tho Atlantlo: It was with him In the Southern Cross Junior, hurtling over tho burning sands of Persia nnd tho Impenetrable Jungles on his way to Dar win, On tho other hand, his Military Cross, awarded for merit with tho air force In France, was onco left pinned to an old coat behind a bedroom door in a boarding house, It was roturned to him. Shortly afterwards he left It on tho floor of a taxi. Again It came back to him, Ills mothor tried to persuado him not to tako It with him to Kjiirluml, but ho said It might come In handy and slipped It Into his imcket. Whether ho had It when he arrived at Darwin Is a matter for speculation, When comparative wealth camo to Klnnsford Smith, his Drat aot was to sco that his parents wanted for nuthlnir. Ho had their old homo at Longuovlllc, a lilburh of Sydney, renovated lnsldo and out, until It was practically now, and after tho Pacific flight, when tho South ern Cross flew from Sydney to Melbourne. Klngsford Smith took his mother with him on her first long flight, Ills very method of picking a crow to accompany him on hut trans-Atlantic flight savors of romance. Here it the story In Ills own words, us told to tlio 'New York Times,' after his arrival— 'When tho flight was first projected,' he suld, 'I had not picked it single one of tho crew, I knew of the thorough way In which Ihe Dutch pilots uro iruliud, especially to fly blind, Thoao men that tako out the Royal Dutch Air Lino ships nro trained for weeks to fly In an ataa lUWIJT Ulillu uuurtim, uuiUMIK llluu uili|i by Instruments alone, 'I took up the matter In Holland, where thn Fokker Company was doing everything possible to help mo got ready, and my only stipulation was that tho man should Know his flying and that his family was able to get along If Komethlng happened, I made this stipulation In tho caio of each member of tho orow, Four mon woro finally selected, and Van Dyk was chosen from the four, It certainly was u hupp)' choice, Van knows blind flying bettor than most. 'In England, I win canting about for u radio operator, and one d»y BtnnnnKci, a Now Zcalnndcr, walked Into my club, I know his ability of old, Ho wits thu radio man aboard the rescue 'piano that came after us when we wore lost In Aus tralia, His resourcefulness, courage, knowledge and speed made him the man for the Job. 'Well, we chatted a while and finally ho said, 'You don't happen to be looking for a radio operator to fly tho Atlantic, do you?' I signed him on then and there. ' 'Then all I needed was a navigator, We woro in Ireland then, making the last preparations. The Irish did everything possible to further our plans, and I sug gested that If ono could be found who had tho ability and wanted to go, I would like an Irish navigator, I was promptly Informed that Iroland could supply mo with any number of good navigators, and that Is how wo got Pat Saul.' It Is not so many years ago since Klngsford Smith was an aviation pilot on tho West Australian Airways Ltd., on the Perth to Derby service, On this ser vice, his ability us a pilot stood beyond question. After serving with tho West Australian airways for over twelve monthB, ho purchased a Bristol Tourer, and with his favorite engineer, Mr. Jcct of carrying out a flight around Aus U IDs' round-Australia flight with O. P. T. Ulm was tho flight that first brought be fore tho public on exceptionally brilliant long-dlstanco pilot and navigator. It Is needless to recount all the magni ficent flights that havo been mode by Klngsford Smith In his Wrlght-cnglned Fokker monoplane, 'Southern Cross,' but a few will Eunice. Pacific Flight (three slops), California lo Honolulu; Honolulu to FIJI; FIJI to Brisbane. Perth to Adelaide; Sydney to New Zealand and return; Trans-Atlantic from Ireland to America, and now Eng land to Australia, Any one of these flights would place Klngsford Smith In tho front rank of tho world's foremost aviators, Ills ambition has always urged him on to the com pletion of tho flight, which gives him the distinction of having encircled tho globo. We all know something of the Increase In nlrralndcdncss throughout America, probably tho whole world, that followed Lindbergh's great flight from Now York to Paris three years ago, Thcro is no aourjt mat, uio acvuiuijiuuiib ui wm mcrclal aviation Is given great Impetus by the successful accomplishment of nights suuh as those carried out by Klngsford Smith and Amy Johnson, They dramatically display thc'canaclty and practical utility of tho aeroplane 