 NUMMARY OF YESTERDAY'S NEWS Franco-German Economic Alliance — Sydney's Hottest Day —-£500 a Year Limit— Trams On Harbor Bridge ?— Bathing in the Nude — Millions of Pounds Gain for Australia's Primary Pro ducts — Wool Prices Increase In London — Interest Reduction Bill Passed — Overseas Finance — Early British Election— Tin Hare Racing. SYDXKY, Friday. Ernest Dow, of Manly, had a foT ttinate escape from death ihis morn ing when he lost control of his car going down a steep hiil at North Sydney, and the car crashed into a brick and iron fence and was wreck ed. Dow was pinned at the steering wheel, and was extricated from the wreckage with considerable trouble. He is now in hospital suffering- from concussion. George Carter (41), was found ly ing in a pool of blood in the gutter outside bis house at Rozelie last sight. There was a jaggea wound on the left arm, and an artery had been severed. But for first aid treat ment, the victim woujd nrobably have bled to death. He was admitted to hospital in a serious condition. It is believed that some time previous ly Carter engaged in a fight. Th-j police theory is that during a vio lent struggle, Carter -was hurlea against a fence .outside his house, and that a spike pierced his arm. The ' Britisti United Press Parif correspondent says that proposals, amounting to an economic alliance , between France and Germany, will be made when M. Laval and M. ] Briand meet the German Ministers m Berlin at the week-end. Among me industries involved im a com prehensive scheme of indujtr-sl -.'.? j operation are shipping, steel :)rccluc- \ tion, and aerial transport. It will furthermore be suggested that France and Germany take tho !r-ad ji drawing up a scientific E^'ieme of ftnmigration as a cure for unem ployment. On the political siti'. fiance will propose that tiu- two countries agree to exchange views. whenever political and eonomic Qiitbtions arise between them. The Bishop of Willccnra. S--;ih Australia, advocates the conducting cf hotels in a religious a^nsplmrc, cuHivating a spirit of temporan:e. He added that more harm was of'.en dor.t to the human race through ov.t tj-tiug than was clone thro-iir i ovi,1 dr;ukir,g. He added that the pr^it »ccnomic conditions were ncr. to greed and covetousness ^ nearly »vp:y section of the commuaity. Yesterday was one of the hottest September 'days on record ir. Syd ney, the maximum temperature be ing 90.1 degrees, which has o?i!y been exceeded on two occasions dur ing €hat month since observations were begun by the Weather Bureau in 1859. Bourke recorded the maxi mum temperature with 9*'- degrees and Walgett 93. The New South Wales Govern ment has given instructions to the Railway Commissioners that they must not appoint officers to positions carrying a salary of £500 a year or more without reference to the Trans port Board. The Italian press of late has been drawing atteni-.on to the possibility of increasing Home wool production. Yesterday a wroi expsr^, wilting in the 'Corriere della Sera,' pointed out that the suggested importing of Australian and Argentine rams on a large scale, to improve the Ital ian stock by cross breeding, would not achieve its object. He says that conditions in Sardinia where exten sive breeding will t-e attempted, are not suitable, chiefly because of poor pastures and insufficient winter fod der; and, furthermore, experiments have shown that the wool producing ability of Australian and Argentine sheep declines .when brought to Italy. The expert expresses the be lief that an improvement in the na tional stock can be obtained through a gradual improvement in agricnl tural conditions, using Australian rams only rarely. The Transport Co-ordination Board has, it is understood, recommended to the Government that trams be not permitted to run on the Sydney Harbor bridge. It points out there would be a train across the bridge every two minutes, and the running of. trains also would result in un necessary expense. ?~ The proposed strike of carpent ers and painters and stonemasons working on the Sydney harbor bridge has been called off. A mass meet ing1 of the men was held to-day ant1 it was decided that Mr. J. S. Gar den, secretary of the Labor Council should accompany a delegation fron? the men to interview the Minister for Works, Mr Davidson. After a conference Mr. Garden said that the men would continue working und er the old award. All margins will be paid. The secretary of the Australian Health Club to-day declined to giv; tb* name of tne beach where i+s members nave been bathing and sun-baking -in the nude during the week-ends. It is understood that the police^ will, during the week-end, visit a certain resort on the South Coast, where nude bathers are re ported to have been disporting them selves. Mr. A. K. Trethowan, M.L.C., de clared this morning that practically every sheep in Australia to-day was fat, and the market was absorbing 30 per cent, more than it did last year, while prices are holding. Buy ers are keen to get them, and a tre mendous amount of meat is being exported. There was no doubt that England's going- off the gold stan dard meant *a gain of millions of pounds for Australia's primary pro ducts. It allowed the banks to give more extended credit, and the result was a bigger demand for all pro | ducts particularly wool, wheat, meat and butter. Fortunately, cooperat ive companies, had Been holding back some wheat of late, which could now go on the market at an enhanced value. The principal gain was in the marketing of Australian wool. He added that undoubtedly the prices of primary products would j have an upward tendency, ^without I necessarily increasing the price toj the consumer. Mr. William Ingliss, M.L.C., a member of a big exporting firm, said to-day that now was the time for producers and exporters to get to gether and discus sthe export trade. He anticipates a tremendous increase in the demand for Australian pro ducts. Overseas shipments in Aug ust and September had ueen the heaviest Australia had ever known. It has been decided by the Fede ral Government that the £3,000,000 to be provided by the banks for the relief of wheatgrowers shall be dis tributed to farmers on- a wheat pro duction basis instead of in the form of an export bounty of 6d. a bushel. It is expected that under the new ' system wheatgrowers will receive [ about 4Jd. a bushel on all wheat marketed. At London wool sales 9914 bales . were offered, including 789 from i \Tew South Wales, 1385 Queensland, J 1870 Victoria, 480 West Australia, 505 South Australia, 587 Tasmania, 4283 New Zealand', of which approx imately 8529 were sold. Bradford was a brisk buyer, with an all-round advance in prices at 25d., 241d... , i5id. 13d., lid., lOd. The Butter Stabilisation Commit tee decided to-day to advance the wholesale price of butter by Id. per Ib. from Monday. The quotation will then be 151 /lft a cwt., including 2/fi a cwt. for boxes. The rise is due to the firmer position in Lon don. In moving the motion for the sec ond reading of the Interest Reduc tion Bill in the N.S.W. :Legislative Assembly last night; Mr. : Lang said the rate of 221 per cent, reduction to be effected was .uniform with ths reduction made by other States, and conformed' with theTteSSened rate of interest payable on the internal public debt of Australia as provided for by the Debt Conversion Agree ment Act. The bill provided that any obligation to pay interest would be satisfied by the payment of the amount due, less '4/6 in every £, i.e., 22 J per cent, with the proviso that in regard to mortgages such reduc tion shall not have the effect of re ducing interest under any mortgage to a rate less than 5 per cent, per annum. The bill passed all stages. The London stock market opened with a further decline in the dollar exchange to 3 dollars 95 cents, co the £. This, coupled with the in crease in buying orders, caused tho Stock Exchange to open with consid erable activity for industrial issues. Many shares advances, notably oils, gold mines and rubbers, followed the advance in commodity prices.. Bri tish funds were slightly easier ow ing to foreign exchange movements, but at Montreal the sterling was quoted yesterday at 4.32. Heavy celling swept the New York stock market to-day, prices breaking wide open, with net losses ranging from three to 15 dollars a share, thereby cancelling Wednesday's gains. Numerous issues established new low levels. The movements ' al so extended to bonds. United States securities dropped sharply. Gordon Henry Cantrell (16), who was committed for trial at Blayncy for the murder of his brother, Har ley Cantrell (18), near Orange, has been certified as insane and will not be brought to trial. He was to-day removed from Long Bay Gaol tc Parramatta Asylum. The Assistant British Trade Com missioner, Mr. J. R. Adams, said to dny there was no doubt whateveT that dominion products had mad' great strides in public favor in Eng land as a result of the Empire Mar keting Board's wortc In any reviv al due to easing the financial me chanics of trade, the dominions would be able to reap the advantage of the good work that had been done. Soviet Russia, since' January 1, placed with Germany orders worth £40,000,000, and it is expected that these will total £45,000,000 by the end of the year, compared with £28, 000,000 last year. All this was done on long term credit. A further in crease can be expected in 1932. 'The London Times' throws its weight in favor of an election, pro vided the appeal is truly national, stating that the sooner it happens the better. It stated that the situ ation demands a long-term as well as short term policy. The National Government must be secure to the satisfaction of all, and it must be reasonably guaranteed the. longest possible life. It is understood that the Premier, Mr. Lang, estimates that the legalis ing of mechanical hare racing will yield about £200,000 a year in taxa tion. The Baptist Union of -New South Wales carried a resolution to-day de claring that the State lottery was not only against the whole of the reli gious community, but a 'deliberate fostering of a vice which is subver sive of all sound economic principles as it is morally indefensible.' The resolution will be forwarded to the Premier. 