 LONG FLIGHT 1500 Miles in a Day 'Smithy ' Arrives In Sydney LONDON, January 20. By reaching Port Darwin yesterday, 12 j days after leaving England in a mail carrying, 'plane, Kingsford Smith, in tlie j Southern Star, .established a fresh record for the journey in a commercial machine. MELBOURNE, Januarv 20. It is understood -Kinguford Smith in tends . to make exceptionally long stages from Darwin to Brisbane. 1 Arrangements have been made for a supply of oil at Newcastle Waters and Camooweal for to-day's flight and ~at : Longreach and Charleville for to-morrow, j Kingsford Smith is expected to leave ' Sydney at dawn on Friday for Mel bourne. He is expected to reach here at 10 a.m. and will probably leave after a [ few hours for Hobart. ' CLONCURRY, January 20. The Southern Star left Camooweal at 3.30 p.m. and landed here at 5.30. , BRISBANE, January 21. , The Southern Star landed at the) Archerfield aerodrome shortly after 2 ' o'clock this afternoon. | Kingsford Smith handed over four bags of English mail for Brisbane to the Superintendent of Mails (Mr. C. Fisher) and after a stay of about au hour, resumed his flight to Sydney. KOEPANG EXPERIENCE. Referring to his experience at Koe-I pang, where the machine was bogged in tlie sodden aerodrome, Kingsford Smith said he did inot see the warning signal at the aerodrome and landed in the worst place. The work of extricating the ma-. Air-Commodore Kingsford-'Smith on his arrival at Croydon Aerodrome (England) with 'Christ mas mail from Australia. chine and the take off were the hard est jobs he had ever undertaken. 'I do not know how the old cart did it,' said Smith. Smith found the heat at Darwin and Cloncurry severe after the snow, fog a'nd rains of England. Smith said that the journey from Cloncurry to Brisbane was one of the longest one-day flights attempted in Australia, the dis 1 tance being 1500 miles. Several hundred people gave Smith a. fitting welcome when lie landed in Brisbane. His first words on landing were 'Give me a cigarette.' SYDNEY, January 21. Kingsford Smith reached Mascot safely at 7.20 p.m. MEMORABLE RECEPTION. MELBOURNE, January 21. KiJigsfoid Smith will be accorded a memorable reception when he lands at Essendon .to-morrow morning. At the official reception, Captain H. Rigby, on behalf of the associated ftero clubs of Australia, will present the air man with the Oswald Watts gold medals for 1029 and 1930. Tho medal is award- \ ed yearly to the Australian born air man registering the best performance. MELBOURNE, January 22. Air Commodore Kingsford Smith and Alian were given an enthusiastic recep tion by a large crowd when they arrived at the Essendon aerodrome at 1 p.m. to day. Mrs. Kingsford Smith accompanied her husband in the [Wane from Sydney. The Melbourne mails were rushed to the G.P.O. and delivered this afternoon. Allan later took the machine to Ho bart to deliver the Tasmanian mails. He will return to-morrow, when he and Smith will fly to Sydney in the after noon. Speaking at an official reception later, Smith said it was desirable that the -ommonwealtli should provide a subsidy foi a regular mail service between Aus tralia and England. It would be a cry ing shame if Australia let the air ser vice between England and Australia slip from her grasp. It was apparent there would be a regular air service before Jone. It appeared extraordinary to him that the country could afford to subsidise all sorts of less worthy things, yet was un able to kelp towards a regular air service. .- - . The subsidy would definitely be neces sary in the early stages, but after a year Jit did not think there would be any need for the subsidy. But for the ac cidents which marred the trip Australian National Airways would have made a profit. l MELBOURNE, January 24, Ait-Commodore Kingsford Smith is planning his immediate future with three possibilities in view. He may take a flying post in Eng land, he may tour Australia with the Southern Cross, or he may organise an air mail service between Australia and England. He has set his heart tin the estab lishment of an air mail, but if Govern ment assistance for this project is withheld, he will be' compelled to accept one of the other alternatives. 'Before Z left for England I was offered a lucrative post as leader of a flying circus by an. English' business organisation,' Kingsford Smith said yesterday. ' I made inquiries while I was over there, but certain aspects of the offer are still confidential. I would be employed for about six months, not during the winter, and' the job would be worth about £5000 for that period. ' I . sincerely do not want » leave AuBtfcoliaT My family % f here and all my aeiSKations are here.* If I do go away it'will be because X consider the offer too attractive to reject in the state of things at present.' 