 Sydney King's Counsel Has His Day Before Privy Council J . LEGISLATURE'S POWER TO BIND SUCCESSORS MAUGHAN'S ; VIEWS 'CONSTITUTION CAN BE MADE RIGID' nearingT close ('Sun' Special) LONDON, Thursday. i The sole speaker before the Privy Council to-day was Mr. Maughan, K.C. (for the respondents). He spoke for 90 minutes, in addition to his 30 minutes on Tuesday and the Council then adjourned. Mr. Mauglian spoke with greater restraint and confidence, concluding impressively, after which Lord Sun key expressed his indebtedness for Ilia argument. The cuse will conclude to-morrow, Mr, Latham following Sir Thomas Jnakip and Sir Stafford Crippa. Continuing his argument on behalf of the respondents (the N.SAV. Leg islative Councillors), Mr. Muughan, K.C., said that the appellants claim ed that the powers conferred by section 5 of the Colonial Laws Valid ity Act could not be cut down by any law relating to manner and form. Manner and Form Mr. Maughan submitted that as long as there was no Act which laid down tho manner wherein an Act relating to mannor and form was to be altered, the appellants were in . no difficulty, but as soon us such an Act was found appellants were up against a difficulty which the re spondents considered insuperable. Mr. Maughan said that the appel lants argued that the laws applying to manner and form were not sub ject lo any particular manner and form themselves. Respondents sub mitted that the contention was mere ly an assertion Involving the graft ing of an exception to the existing proviso for which there was no justi fication. Plain English . What warrant is there for intro ducing any exception to section 5, which is couched In perfectly plain English? he asked. Two propositions emerged from the arguments which he put forward. Firstly, that each luw restricting constitutional powers und procedure must be in the manner and form presented by any Imperial or Co lonial law in force for the time be ing. Secondly, that this applies as well to laws prescribing manner and form as well as to other laws. Referring to the decision in the case of the committee in Mc Cawley v. the King, Mr. Maug han submitted that the judgment expressed a view that overseas legislatures could restrict them selves and their successors and could turn a flexible constitu tion into a rigid constitution. Curtailing of Powers Respondent put forward the pro position that when nn Act had been passed by the legislature of N.SAV. it may be repealed, but only in the way laid down In any Act of Parlia ment, letters patent, order in coun cil or colonial law for the time be ing in force. It would be most unfortunate If any construction were placed on the Colonial Laws Validity Act, to say, 'You cannot lay down any principle curtailing these powers, which have existed unchallenged since 1865. 'If tills were done, well it would mean that if the Legislature of ' N.SAV. wanted to make a law with regard to the constitution and pow ers of procedure, there would be many cases where it could not, and have to ask the Imperial Parliament for help.' 