 " SMITHY" CUTS TIME BY 40 HOURS London-Wyndham In 7 Days _ — ( CLOCKWORK AIRMAN'S JOKE: "TOO OLD" I _____ | I TOOK DAY | EXTRA COMPLAINS | FLIER RUEFULLY | Was Sick, But Recovered I ____ | WILL RACE ON TO SYDNEY AND 1 MAYBE i MELBOURNE I K I - 1 j "Champion of I the Lot" _ When Sir Charles Kingsford Smith made a perfect three-point landing at Wyndham at 5.14 p.m. (Wyndham time) yesterday, he set a new record for the England-to- Australia flight of 7 days 4 hours 50 minutes. The flying Knight, in his rercival-uull, thus beat Scott's existing best time of 8 days 20 hours 44 minutes by 1 day 15 hours 54 minutes . He will leave there at 7 a.m. to-day, and fly against the record' to Sydney, heading for Charleville to-night. He may go straight, on from Sydney to Melbourne. WYNDHAM, Wednesday.—' As the pale blue spick, and span monoplane taxied up to the "sausage,'.' the weary aviator opened his enclosed cockpit. "Welcome to Australia, Smithy!" shouted several voices. "You're the champion of the lot," added one enthusiast. "Not such a good performance, lad," was Smithy's first remark "Seven days four hours fifty minutes by my clock, and a day longer than I should have been," ne said rue fully. "I'm getting too old for these stunts," he added laugh ingly. Sir Charles looked very fit and pleased to be home again. His only complaint was sleepiness and thirst. The latter was soon remedied, and Smithy drank his own health in Ice-cold ale. "The first for two months." he remarked. Day in Bed "I had perfect flying conditions," said Sir Charles, "except for one day, when it rained furiously. "On the Persian Gulf I went to pieces, and had to put in a day in bed. "I'm afraid my friends thought I was finished," he added smilingly. "Conditions to-day were perfect, although X had a head wind at the start. It was with me after passing Koepang. "I do not like travelling over the sea with one engine, and never will. "One hears all sorts of knocks and splutters. Still, here I am again. "As a matter of fact, my little en gine behaved perfectly, and so did the plane right throughout. "I fancy that my hop from Brin- disi to Baghdad of 1615 miles is thq longest yet recorded for light planes. I think Mollison's 1610 from Wynd ham to Batavia was the previous best. "It was after this hop that I re alised that things were breaking my way, and determined to have a crack at the record. As my diary shows, It's been a pretty, constant fight against sleeplessness and that extra- ordinary sicKness ana nervousness x get over water. "I suppose doctors would call it Aquaphobia, but whatever it is, it is pretty rotten. Over the Timor Sea at one stage to-day I felt as though I would have to get out of the plane and break out into the open. Now that the sea is over, I will be as right as rain. "My last long flight will be in the Melbourne Centenary air race next year, which I hope to win, though I have no doubt that my present record will be severely flattened. Smithy intends to leave Wyndham to-morrow. "I forgot my Australian maps," he remarked, "and the country is too tricky to take risks with." Dash To Sydney "It is no trouble to us," were Kingsford Smith's first words when congratulated at Wyndham by the agent of the Vacuum Oil Co. Smithy I was wearing a white shirt and grey "flannel trousers. He looked amazing ly fit. He is leaving at 7 a.m. to day, and intends to make the fastest possible time to Syd ney. He will use the northern route by Newcastle Waters, Longreach, and Charleville. He may reach Charleville to-night. "It was a splendid trip," said Sir Kingsford Smith, In a telegram to Vacuum Oil last night. "Plume and Mobiloil and your service were, as usual, all I could wish. The Per- ceival Gull and the Gipsy engine per- lunnua The Vacuum Oil Company has telegraphed to "Smithy" suggesting that he should fly on to Melbourne as soon as possible, and so establish the record London to Melbourne as well as London to Sydney. It is pointed out that this is of special interest, in view of the Cen tenary air race. Here On Friday? Mr. John Stannage yesterday in formed Sir Charles Kingsford Smith by telegram of the recent decision of the Federation Aeronautique In ternationale to recognise as a record only a flight between London and Sydney. Although Mr. Stannage had re ceived no reply last night, he was of opinion that Sir Charles would push on to reach Sydney as quickly as possible. If he maintains his average hops, |" he should be.- in Sydney, on Friday . evening, and Mr. Stannage believes that he will continue the flight to Melbourne next day. "Your Daddy's Safe" MELBOURNE, Wednesday.— Lady Kingsford Smith, since her return from the East two days ago, has been staying with her sister, Mrs. T. Pat- erson, at Caulfield. "Isn't that wonderful?" was all she could say to her telephone informant who announced her husband's safe arrival. Wifh f.hnf-. slip rushed to the nur- sery, where Master Charles Arthur Kingsford Smith had been reposing since six. He half woke frowningly "Your Daddy's perfectly safe, my darling," whispered the mother, and the cherubic eight and a half months' old baby turned in his cot and re sumed his sleep. Lady Kingsford Smith said that she had been worrying during shop ping in the afternoon. The lures of the dress emporiums had left her cold. She came back to the house still feeling disturbed. "Give me an ocean flight that is over in one hop any time in prefer- ence to the long-distance ones," she said. Lady Kingsford Smith is remaining In Melbourne till her husband reaches here.- KING INFORMED (SPECIAL SERVICE) LONDON, Wednesday. Sir Kingsford's feat was almost Im mediately communicated by tele phone to the King at Sandringham 1 | Mostly international » Sit ; i Charles Kingsford Smith's i major flights now total about | 110,000 miles, i Miles ROUND AUSTRALIA l (1927) 8000 ' ACROSS PACIFIC (1928) 7850 , N.Z. AND BACK (1928) . 3500 l ACROSS AUSTRALIA AND BACK (1928) .. 4000 i COFFEE ROYAL AND BACK (1928) 4200 ! TO ENGLAND (1929) .. 12,200 l ACROSS ATLANTIC (1930) 2600 | ENGLAND-AUSTRALIA I (1930) 12,200 SYDNEY -WYNDHAM ! (1931) 2700 AUSTRALIA-GREECE- J LONDON (1931) .. .. 12,000 LONDON AND BACK (1932) WITH MAILS 24.000 I N.Z. AND BACK (1933) . 3500 I LONDON-AUSTRALIA ' (1933) 12,700 TOTAL 109,450 | THE PERCIVAL GULL plane of the type " Smithy " used. I 