 SIX DAYS London To Darwin AIR' MAIL ACCELERATION QANTAS AMBITIONS. SYDNEY, Friday. Mr. A. E. Rudder, director of Qantas Empire Airways, Ltd., which has secured the SingaporeJDarwinBris bane air mail contract, stated to-day that .the company hoped to transport mail and passengers from London to Darwin in six days. This could be achieved by the elimination ot some of the stopping places now used, and by flying at night. He said there were at present 24 scheduled stopping places between Singa pore and Brisbane, but many of these were certain to be eliminated, in order to reduce the time. He deciare'l that the pas senger traffic available from London to Singapore was already taxing the accom modation of the Astraea class of mono p'.anes to the utmost. TIME REDUCED BY HALF. 'At present,' said Mr. Eudder, 'sec- tions of the Empire route from London are being equipped for regular night tly ing, and as a result, 'planes are now riyimg 800 miles a day, and will travel for from 16 to 20 hours* a day towards Australia. This means that the travelling uime wiil be reduced by more than 50 per cent. 'The company will require for the Sing apore-Brisbane service 20 Australians, 11' of whom wi'l be 'captains/ and 10 as sistaut pilot radio officers.' Mr. Rudder added that as it would be necessary to conserve space for petrol, only three passengers would, be carried, on the Singapore-Darwin «e.ctioii.. :,,Pi-\ .ri.,: , ? CHARLEVIUuE-COOTAMlJNJDRA. . . ; . Vilot Butler, who secured!. the), contra^ t'or carrying mails frtmi ? iCharleville ? 4° Oootamundra, is to have two Dragon Moth machines in use. They will earn six passengers and a pilot, in addition to the mails. It is proposed to cover the distance in six hours. 'SMITHY' DISAPPOINTED. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said to day that he was disappointed. not secur ing the contract which had been submit mitted by himself and New England Air ways. He paid it seemed to be the policy of the Federal Government to ex clude any Australian airman from carrying out the service. Butler was the only Australian airman who had been successful in tendering. CONTINUATION OF PASSEN0SER SERVICE. BRISBANE^ iFiidar. Though Brisbane, is at present the tor tuinalv of ;.!ithe,: England- Australia air mail ,gei\vice, [Mr. Hudson Fysh, managing director. 9±' Q-'»utas- stated to-day tin* ^pntinuajioji, of. the passenger service dv iQjantas Empire Airways was a possibility 'for'-' the -'future.' Only one of the ' f iv-» special 'planes for the company's opera ticiis between Singapore and :Brisbano had been completed for trials, and it had not yet been seen in Australia. U might come out about October. SAFETY FIRST PRECAUTIONS. The safeguards to be taken on the. Singapore-Brisbane section of the Anglo Australian air route were outlined to-dav by the managing director of Qantas, Mr. Hudson Fysh. He stated that five DHHK machines would be used in the service, carrying eight passengers and a crew of tVo, as.;well as.. .mail matter. Over the Timoi^^e^ .howesyer^ only five passengers w6ivl4 ^e^cVrried'; ; '?''^The^lplajnesr would': be fitted. with wire less direction finders and as a further safeguard a patrol boat with a speed of 23 knots would be stationed at Darwin and be in constant wireless communication with the planes. Each machine would also carry a rubber lifeboat capable of accom-. modating eight persons. Mr. Fysh anticipated that the journey from Sydney to Singapore would occupy five days, later being reduced to four days. ? PRECAUTIONS FOR SAFETY* CANBERB A/ Friday. Commenting on the new air mail sei vices, the Minister for Defence, Sir G Pea ice, said the results were very gratifying. Every jreasonable. precau tion would be taken to secure safety. particularly during toverseas crossings, of the Singapore and Tajmauian services. Wireless was carried on all four ser vices and for the overseas and Tasmanian services special direction finding ap paratus was to be- provided to aid 'navi- gation in bad weatherV The Gov^rnmenj. would arrange for meteorological services 