 MAY LEAVE TO-DAY Kingsford Smith's Flight CERTIFICATES ISSUED Awaiting Reply from London ;?.~: ' sYDNEY, Friday. ,Hasing completed arrangements to take off oan his fliglht to England at 6 a.m. to Inomrow, Sir Charles Kingaford . Smith cabled tlie Royal Aero Club, England, to day for definite information whether his entry for the Centenary Air Race would be accepted. Sir Charles does not expect to receive a reply. isntil early to-morrow morniing, and will delay his departure until it Sr rives. He completed tests of his Lock heed Altair monuoplane, Lady Southern Cross. this morning to the satisfaction of thie Civil Aviatioi Department authrorities. Now everything depends oni the attitulde of the Londoln authorities. Sir Clharles communsicated withl Wing Commander Cole, who is. in charge of the committee handling the Melbourne end of the air race, to-dlay, and asked himi whclethler the entry of his aerolilane would be accepted on thle certificate of the Co troller of Civil Aviation (Captain E. C. Johnston). Wing Comnmander Cole repliedl that the committee lhad no julrisdiction because it was a imatter for the Royal Aero Club race committee. After hlie had received this informnitioi, Sir Charles sent the cable to England. Thle co-pilot of the macline on tie flight to Eiglaunud will be Captaiii P. G. Taylor. Thie aeroplane was certificated to-day by Caplatin Johnston to corry a certaisi land. iincludiisg fuel, aiid its flight, take off, iind laiding tests were approved. Information caovering the certificate was included in tile cable. Sir Charles accepts philosophically the many chleekls hlie has received since Iris re turn to Australia with tile Lockheed Altair monoplalne, but hlie said to-night that he hoped for the best. He would mnake good time to England without at tempting to break anys records, and was anxioun to be going. The luonoolane was in eitcellent condition, and although hIis appetite had 1aeen sharpened as' a result of hisi casing to smoke cigarettes, the maschsine was wmell stocked waith food in thermos flasks for thle first stage of tihe flight. 