 EIGHT DAYS TO LONDON -__ AIM FOR AIRMAIL SERVICE EXTENSION TO SYDNEY . BY MIDDLE OF 1935 CANBERRA, Wednesday. - The Eng- lish-Australia air mall service will prob- ably be extended to Sydney by June, 1035, and when night flying becomes prac- ticable, it is hoped to reduce the time taken from 14 to eight days. The Minis- ter for Defence (Mr. Parkhill) gave this information in the House of Represen- tatives to-day. Mr. Jennings (U.A.P., N.S.W.), asked whether the Commonwealth hod aban- doned the proposal to make Mascot (Syd- ney) the terminal airport of the service. "I favour the extension of the oversea airmail to Sydney and Melbourne," re- plied "Mr. Parkhill. "Until tho lighting and equipment necessary for night flying are provided on the Australian section of the route, and the Qantas company has gained experience of this section of the service, there will be difficulties." Be- fore the accident to tho Qantas airliner, the company expected that it would be able to extend the service to Sydney early In 1035. It now expects to do so before the middle of 1935. Mr. Garden (Lang Lab., N.S.W.), asked whether Mr. Parkhill could glvo any rea- son for the time occupied having been extended from 13 to 14 days, and whether he could reconcile this delay with his statement in Brisbane that the Ministry's Immediate aim was a seven to eight days' service. Mr. Parkhill replied that the Ministry desired to make the schedule as fast as was practicable. The Commonwealth, however, was responsible only for the sec- tion from SIng-ipore. The Ministry hoped that when experience had been gained and night flying equipment had been in- stalled, It would be possible to obtain a three days' service on this section. It was hoped also that the Singapore-Lon- don service would be accelerated. If that were done, an eight-day time-table should result. It was not possible to obtain in safety and comfort the spectacular times achieved in the Centenary Air Race. He assumed that the British company, like the Qantas company, desired to establish a safe and efficient servlqe before accele- rating it. MACHINES GREETED AT DARWIN Second Section To-day DARWIN (NA), Wednesday - After having flown through tropical storm clouds, the two Qantas Empire Airways aeroplanes, carrying the first Australian airmail over the first section of the route to London landed at Darw in at 2 40 p m (Darwin time) to-day Early ta-morrow morning the mall will be loaded in the Imperial Airways machine Arethusa which will leavo Darwin at 6 30 a m to make the second section of the flight Another Imperial Airways mall 'plane I the Asticn which visited Australia last I year, was duo at Darwin to-day to assist I the Aiethusa to carry the mails to Kara- ' dil, but one of tile landing wheels of I the Astrca was damaged at Koepang yes- ' terdoy and the machine has been delayed The Arcthusn will cany all the mall which weighs a little less than three quarters of a ton Captain ROO Taylor, the pilot of the Arethusa will probably decide lo leave the 'planes' en- gineer (Mr C W Smith) In Dai vin to compensate for the additional weight Captain Taylor is carrying a spare land- ing wheel which he will give to Captain Mollard of the Astrca, when he arrives at Koepang to-morrow The necessary repairs will be made and as the Arethusa will remain in Singapore until Monday morning the Astrea should be able to overtake It It will pick up the ordinary Imperial Airways mail for London at Singapore and both 'planes will fly to Karachi where the malls will be trans- ferred to Hannlbal-type 'planes to be taken to London Before the Qantas 'planes landed at Darwin this afternoon engineers at the aerodrome had to chase away a. laige mob of goats belonging to Fanny Bay gaol which were grazing on the landing ground In the hangai the two pilots -Captain L Brain and Captain G U Allen-were welcomed by the mayor of Darwin (Alderman J H Brogan) other councillors, and the town clcik (Mr R Ley din) The assistant supervisor of mails at Brisbane (Mi W A Martin) and the postmaster at Darwin (Mr J Wes- ton) also welcomed the airmen and offi- cially received the molls 