 AUSTRALIA-ENGLAND AIR MAIL. -. Armistice Day in London. BEAUTIFUL PHOTOGRAPHS. "SYDNEY MAIL" FEATURES. The "Sydney Mall," which is Issued to- day, contains a number of novel and Im- portant features. The Australia-England air mall Inaugurated by H.B.H. the Duke of Gloucester as his final official act in Australia is the subject of an interesting article, and several fine photographs. Armistice Day In London and the impressive !flnal scenes of the Eucharistie Congress in Melbourne are sub- jects that also receive both literary and artistic treatment, The "Sydney Morning Herald" and "Sydney Mail" photographic gallery, which was opened to the public last week, provides material for three magnificent pictures, representing the Barron Falls, a vista of Melbourne, and a Riverina scene respectively, reproduced from the exhibits in the gallery, while many other scenic and personal photographs illustrate the other pages of the issue.' Professor Roberts continues his series of articles on world politics-his theme this week being the present turmoil in Russia, occasioned by the assassination of Stalin's friend and supporter, Sergei Kirov. The library page is devoted to a review of the biography of the late Sir Gerald du Maurier, published by his daughter, and "Mentor" contributes his usual nnancial arucie, oeallng this week with the position of several gold-mining ventures and other companies. The various sporting events of the week receive their customary review, special attention being devoted to the English women cricketers' match against New South Wales, and the doings of the daring riders of Australia and the home country in the first of the official speedway "tests," which drew 30,000 excited people to the R.A.S. Ground last Saturday night. V. G. Kirby, the South African tennis champion, also con- tinues his articles on local tennis doings. The women's pages are brightly and topi- cally written and illustrated. "Cinderella" pays her customary attention to the Interests of the children; and a capital story by the well known Australian writer, R. I». Hadfield, will be found to be replete with interest and humour. All the other regular features appear In the Issue, which is available to-day at all newsagents and bookstalls, as well as at the "Her»ld" office. 