 ! AIR MAIL SERVICE LONDON TO SY1JNEY IN ELEVEN DAYS. Tin* proposal of Imperial Airway.-; Limited to hasten the service between London and Singapore. m> US to make a regular eight-day timetable practic able either way. is of the greatest im portance to Australia ijjay.s Sydney .HeraJd"'. There is also Mic possibilily that this section of the journey will be furtiirr accelerated within two or three monllv by another day. This will be possible a? soon as the negotiations. n:."v almost completed. between Ui«» British end Italian Governments, huv«; .wittcd amicably the route to be flow.) by «hc Imperial Airways' services ov#»r Italy. At present th» Italian Government has political objections to a»iy r-pillar air service, other than naHoiuA bcin® flown over the southern section Italy. This has necessitaie-1 -jassen gers by air routes to or trom Indin or Smith Africa travelline mm Paris to BrindiM by train. Wit.n 'i dirert flipht from London to th*» Itpi'un nir» por! to be decided upon, it will '?p pos sible to rxpcdK? both the TnM.an rmi South African service by unUk* (lav. This will brinp Singapore v.jMiin seven days of London. The distance from London lo Singa pore by air is officially calculated .'it 8648 miles. This will give an average daily flight of slightly less ths«n 1250 miles. Some days ii woMd b'' more md sonic loss. . The air jour*i«y from Singapore to Sydney about 4800. On the same basis that flieht should not occupy more than four days. This wnuM bring Sydney within 11 days of London. According &lt;n the provisions of the tender schedule submitted by the Federal Government to tenderers for the Brisbane-Singapore section of the journey between Australia and Lon don, the managers of the service may provide for g six cinys' journey belwcrn Brisbane and Singapore. This gives an average daily flight of slightly over 700 miles. This is considered absurdly low having regard the speeds of modern commercial aircraft, many of which can make up to 150 miles per hour when carrying an ordinary pay load. It is urged that there is vm reason why, with Jhe approval of the Federal Government, the contractors f:>r the ?lev; service should not be able (o make the Brisbane-Singapore flight within . four days, making the storting; and landing times such as will nermit pas sengers from Sydney to join the out ward aeroplane the day of leaving, and on the day of arrival to leave Brisbane in lime for Sydney to be reached be fore dark. That would give a two way 11-dov service between Sydney and London, winch is the least the users of that service have a right* to expect from the Government and the organ isers of the service. Dissatisfaction is felt in aviation and commercial circles at tile delav of the Federal Government in making an an nouncement as to when the BrMnne Rineapore section of the service Is '*!.y.tocommence. The tender forms oroude for an interval of six nionths for the surcess/uJ tenderer to organise Hie service from the date of the accent rieZ-»rt the l,e",der- If ",e ?"otter be delajed much longer by the Federal ?overnment there is n possibility that the enT^r T!" orgn,llscd "iitil the end of the present vear Ther" tverc anticipations, encouraged bv the joverninem. that the service would be 111 operation in Jnnp npxt The responsibility f"r the jn,"l(r,|r" ^on of the sen-ice """. refiU f""" Federal Government. 