 13 DAYS TO LONDON Air Mail Plans Known DECEMBER IO FIRST FLIGHT .SYDNEY, Thursday. A transit time of 12 days each way between Brisbane and London ls plan- ned in. the time-tables of the Austra- lia-England air mail which will begin from Brisbane on December 10. For the first outward trip, a five to-six days schedule, instead of the normal four days schedule between Brisbane and Singapore, has been ur ranged to enable thc Duke of Glouces- ter to dispatch the first machine. For. the normal service to England, mails will leave Melbourne on Tues- days, and bo in London 13 days later'. The stages from Brisbane will be: First day (Wednesday), to Cloncurry, IOU miles; second day, to Darwin, 1017 miles; third day, to Rambang, 1050 miles; and fourth day, to Singa- pore, 1283 miles. «EXT ON MONDA VS Tho service between Sincapove and London will bo covered by Imperial Airways Ltd., concluding 12 days uftcr tho mails leave Brisbane. Malls between Perth and Darwin Will be dispatched on Mondays, and wfll bo transferred at' Daly Waters (2S52 miles) to the 'plane bound for Darwin and Singapore on Thursday mornings. Tho opening of this ser- vice, by the Mncltobertaon-Miller Aviation Co., will bo on Wednesday, October 3, from Perth. Thc contract on ¿lie Charlevillc-Cootamundra route, secured by Mr. C. A. Butler, will operate from December 10. Under tho time-tnbles proposed, the probable times of delivery and closing of nutjls will bo:-Brisbane, delivery midday Thursdays, closing Wednes- day mornings; Sydney, delivery Fri- day mornings, closing Tuesday nights; Melbourne, delivery Friday after- noons,,'closing Tuesday afternoons; PorUi, delivery Friday afternoons, closing Monday mornings. STAUH NEXT MONTH I -|--:- I .The schedule for Adelaide will he arrange» when a contract is awarded for the,-Adelnide-Bourke connecting air service, tenders for which close on Novembers. Thc service between Melbourne and Hobart, by way of King Is- land and Launceston, will be in- augurated at the beginning of next month, lt will be thrice . weekly Wn each direction until January','when the frequency will be increased to six times weekly in each direction, and thc route . flown'will bc by way bf King Is- land and Flinders Island on alter- nate days. 