 SEVEN DAYS' TO LONDON Air Transport Development SYDNIY, Tucesday. uatters of vital importance in the future developmnct of air transport itroughout the Empire are under runsideration by Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and India. As far as Australian mail services ore concerned, London to Sydney in seven days is one of the main fea tures of the plan that is being con sidered, and wili be put into force in 1937, if not next year. The special use of aeropinnes in cases of national emtergcncy is also being considered. Flying boats now under construction in Britain will have a cruising speed of front 150 to 175 miles an hour, and will weigh when loaded from 20 to 25 tons. They will be able to carry 00 passengers each, in addition to mail matter. It is stated that each flying boat will be ailhe to convey 150 fully equipped soldiers a distance of 500 miles in 25 hours. One object in, view is to hasten the adoption of a plan for sending all first-class mail matter between the different parts of the Empire by air, and the extension of the service between Australia and London which will be carried out at an early date, will be from either Singapore or Bangkok to Hong Kong. This service is of imperial interest, but will be of immense assistance to Australia in the development of trade between Australia and Japan and China. Duplicating Service The next extension will be a dupli cation of the service between Aus tralia and London, with Sydney as the terminal. At present 50 per cent. of the mails, passengers, and freight carried by the Imperial aerial mail service originates in Sydney or ter minates here. By a re-arrangement of the present schedule it would he Possible for the mail matter from London to be delivered in Sydney almost a day earlior than at present without interfering with the schedule for the delivery of the 1maile in Mlel bourne and Adelaide. The trunk line service would be from Darwin to Syd ney, via Charleville, with a branch line service to Brisbane, which could have the samte time-table as e.t present. The extension of the service from Sydney to New Zealand presupposes that large modern flying boats will eventually be used on all or most of the route between London and New Zealand, so that passengers may have the full facilities of a through route for the journey. It is understood that the British Government is prepared to hasten a decision by Australia and New Zealand on the scheme by subsidising the extended service 'to the extent of almost 50 per cent., leaving a similar subsidy to be provided jointly by the Australian and New Zealand Govern ments. The British Government, it is believed, has made this offer so that there may be unified control of the through service, which would thus be available for Imperial purposes in case of a national or Empire emoer gency. 