 AIR MAIL SERVICE j London to Sydney in Seven Days : Visit of British Delegation 1 By "The Telegraph" Special Representative . DARWIN, February 21. Three members of the joint Post Office and Air Ministry delegation, from Britain arrived at Darwin yes terday "afternoon as passengers on the Qantas Com- monwealth class air liner which was in charge of Cap- . tain A. B.,H. Youell,. of Imperial Airways. . They . were Sir Frederick Williamson (Director of Postal Services, General Post Office, London), Mr. Francis : Bertram. (Deputy Director of Civil Aviation, Britain), V and Mr. Loel Guinness, M.P., partly private secretary to the Director of Civil Aviation (Sir Philip Sassooh): The object of the delegation's visit is to explain fully to the Australian authorities the British' scheme for the carriage by air of all first-class mil matter, on the Imperial air routes at a postage rate of 1 £d. a half- / ounce. It is hoped to inaugurate this scheme hi 1937. and to have an air mail service twice a week between London and Australia, flying day and night and cover- ing the distance between London and Sydney in seven days. The members of ' the delegation were the first batch of passengers to be car ried right to Australia by the_reccntly inaugurated air mail service. The plane was a day late in' arriving at'Ddrwin. It was explained that heavy fogs 'at Cal cutta and Akyab in Burmahad caused delays which resulted in the' Imperial Airways Atlanta type plane arriving a day late at Singapore. DARWIN RECEPTION. For the first time the new administra tion building at the Darwin aerodrome was used for the reception .of the pas sengers and .crew. They had to pass through the quarantine section for exam ination and then have their baggage in spected by the Customs. The building is not yet completed, but the trial yesterday shows that it will facilitate the formali ties. The delegates were wearing light tropical clothes, Mr. Guinness, the most youthful member of the' party, wearing a cool woollen shirt open at the neck and flannels. They, remained in Darwin over night but left before dawn this morning with the Qantas' Commonwealth class liner which is waiting at Darwin for the mails. ' Captain Russell Tapp, of Qantas, Will be in charge. Sir Edward Campbell, partly private secretary to the Post master-General is still at. Singapore, but will come on in the air mail plane next week. The delegation will proceed straight to Brisbane and will then go to Sydney. They will be in-Australia about a fort night. Sir Frederick Williamson and Sir Edward Campbell will go on to New Zea land and Canada by steamer, but the Air Ministry delegates .will fly back to England. BRITISH SCHEMa ' Sir FVederick Williamson, explaining the British scheme, said that beginning in 1937 all first class air mail was to be carried by air and none by steamer at all. This - applied to all . Imperial air routes on which' Imperial:. Airays-and its associated companies' planes were flying. There would be two services to Australia each week instead of one as at present. The mail services should be more frequent than twice weekly nearer to England. The speed should be in creased and larger planes/used in the routes. The scheme aimed at cutting down the time between London and Sydney to seven days. It was proposed to inaugur ate day and night flying and the post- ago be fixed at lid. a half oz. At pre sent the postage' on first class mail mat ter, not air mall, was lid. an oz.- DOMINION CO-OPERATION. - It was proposed in Australia, con tinued Sir Frederic Williamson,, to make contact with the Ministers concerned and other high officials and discuss the scheme in its fullest detail. It was hoped to secure Australia's co-opera- tion. The Air Ministry delegates, of course, would discuss all the technical details, such as ground organisation, aerodrqmes, communications, Sec. "This is a very definite scheme," 'he said. - "Tljere is still a great deal of de tail to be worked out, and it all de pends upon the co-operation of the various Dominion Governments. A twice weekly service of seven days between Sydney and London is something to look forward to and is worth the ex pense." COMFORTABLE PLANES. "The Commonwealth class air liner is one of the most comfortable planes I have ever travelled in," said Sir Frederick.' "It has a very nice cruising speed. We were doing 140 miles an hour over the Timor Sea and took just under four hours to come from Koepang. The air mail be tween Australia and London is increas ing in volume rapidly. With the weight of the mail We had to be extremely care ful regarding our load on the plane. The Commonwealth class plane is carrying at ' least as heavy a load as the Atlanta type of plane." LAND PLANES OR FLYING BOATS? "We have wanted this scheme for a considerable time," said Mr. . Bertram. As a. result of negotiations already car ried out in Britain, and now that the Air Ministry has come into the scheme, we are hoping to make the change in 1937. We cannot do it before that. I cannot say definitely what type of planes will bo used. This is at present under consideration .by Imperial Air ways, who are deciding whether it would be desirable to use land planes or flying boats. It is also bound up in the question of co-operation between the three companies operating the' Aus tralian route, Imperial Airways, Indian Transcontinental Airways, and Qantas Empire Airways. We are aiming at a cruising speed of round about 140 miles an hour in 1937. There is no chance of it before. ' The Commonwealth class planes have a cruising speed of nearly 140 miles an hour. They are the fastest planes at present on the route, out bigger machines will be used. "It is the intention that Australia should be responsible for all ground organisation, wireless, and meteorolo gical services on the Singapore-Darwin section. Australia will, of course, have to co-operate with the Dutch regarding aerodromes in the Dutch Bast Indies. VACCINATION. "Wo did not find any undue delay with the quarantine and Customs formalities at Darwin. The Aus tralian regulation for vaccination against smallpox may prove bother some later, especially if visitors are not informed along the route- We were not informed before leaving Lon don but fortunately we had already been vaccinated. I can visualise long lines of people sleeping- on the aero drome in the future waiting to be vaccinated." , . . . . J : ACROSS THE (TIMOR; - . Sir Frederick Williamson said that the weather was still a big problem on the air mall route. They had passed through some extraordinarily bad weather. Meteorological services were of extreme importance. Travelling all the way from London by air was in teresting because of the great range of country seen, but it was mono tonous at times. The Timor cross ing was the worst for the passengers because they feared the long ocean crossing with no sign of land. He had been grateful when it was over. He had thought the plane was never going to i-each the other side. In Burma the jungle was amazingly dense, and in one swamp alligators were seen splashing about. . LORD SEMPILL'S PLANE. He had seen Lord Sempill's plane on the north-east coast of Java. Lord Sempill had been forced to land in a clearing and for some time was miss ing. The Dutch had sent out search planes from Batavia. The plane in which they were travelling had circled about Lord Sempill's Moth for some time, but it was seen that the plane had been tied down. Apparently Lord Sempill had gone off somewhere. It was in about the only part of Java that was uninhabited.' All the other parts were densely populated. PERSONALITIES. Mr. Loel Guinness, who is quite a young man, is himself an aviator and owns his own plane. He is a keen stu dent of all aviation matters. All three members of the delegation, which ' is unique, are interesting personalities. Sir Frederick Williamson, who is- stoutish, fires off questions and answers them like a machine gun. Mr. Bertram is serious- faced and gives the impression of intense concentration on the matter in hand. Mr. Guinness is. debonair and bright and an interesting conversationalist. Each is making his first visit to Australia. 