 Mourning in London HUGE CROWD PASSES CATAFALQUE Sydney, To-day CCORDING to advices received here to-day nearly 200,000 people filed silently, three abreast, past the | Catafalque in Westminster Hall, pay-i ing their homage to the late King| George V. lying there in state. In 1 the streets outside silent queues, more | than a mile long shuffled slowly to- | wards the Hall along wet pavements. | through rain and cold wind. The ly-jj ing in state will continue for three x more days before the huge funeral I procession through the streets of | London on Tuesday. Thousands of | j soldiers and sailors will march in the j procession, which will take nearly two I hours to pass by. j PROPOSED MEMORIAL | From Canberra to-day it is reported I that the Federal Cabinet will consider I next Thursday proposals for a nation- 8 wide Memorial to the late King. Pre- " liminary mention of this has already j been made, but it was thought too I premature to take any definite action ij until after the Sovereign's funeral. \ The views of all the States will be E sought and no scheme will be formul- j ated until all Governments have ex- 9 pressed opinions. 9 TWO MINUTES' SILENCE I Advice has been received from the | Dominions' Secretary (Mr. MacDon- I aid) that two minutes' silence will be | observed throughout England at 1.30 8 p.m. on Tuesday. To secure uniform- i ity throughout the Commonwealth I the Prime Minister is communicating 9 to all the States naming noon on a Tuesday as the most suitable time for 9 silence in- Australia. 9 1 SYDNEY'S MEMORIAL SERVICE Sydney's Public Memorial Service I will be held on the Domain at 6.30 1 p.m. on Tuesday in order to allow | those working in the daytime to at- | tend. It will last about forty min- I utes, and the combined Churches will 3 take part. 9 MELBOURNE'S TRIBUTE | Before a squat rectangular Ceno- I taph representing a stone tomb, on | the steps of Parliament House on I Tuesday morning thousands will at- | tend the State Memorial Service to . the late Monarch. To-morrow a con gregation of 60,000 is expected at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, when the Governor (Lord Huntingfield) Archbishop Head and Members of the officiating clergy enter the arena for the Commemoration Service. 8 BRISBANE'S SERVICE Seventy thousand people are expect- I ed to attend the Citizens' Memorial I Service in the Exhibition Grounds on I Tuesday night, when a massed choir i of 2,000 voices will lead the singing I in conjunction with massed bands. 