 AVIATION. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS. Now that the first Empire flying boat is in the air, the acceleration of Empire communications has ceased to be a thing of the future. It has become established in-.the present:. Tiie service cruising speed of these boats, which’ was specilled in the original contract; to be not. less than 145 m.p.li., has been established at more than 100 m.p.li.. and a tup speed of nearly 200 m.p.li. lias been obtained. With these boats it will lie possible to reach Sydney in four days, and Xew Zealand in live days, from Lon don. Tiie figures are obtained from Hie cruising speed in 20 hours’ (light each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation will lie neces sary to give .effect to such a fast, schedule, and a service faster than seven days is unlikely for at least three years after tiie beginning of the service. , In tiie old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the. ’ four hours “spare” each day, but now adays tliis essential service Ims been reduced to minutes. The Shell Com pany lias a float at Athens which can pump fuel into a flying boat at the rate of nearly 5000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuelling would oc cupy about 20 minutes three times each day. The general use of flying boats by Imperial Airways will result iu a di rect reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to Xew Zealand, and passengers will live on board the fly ing boat in exactly Hie same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Aus tralia:—'through the contractor —will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, re gular service pianos bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regular-, ly into the now marine airport to be built at. Southampton. Tlio crews will be changed at re gular points—in similar manner to the railways—but it is holies to per fect a .scheme whereby all pilots, in cluding the Australians, become con versant with every section of the route. ■ In point of equipment, the new flying boats will carry more effic ient navigating equipment than the great ocean liners. Apart, from an automatic pilot, there will bo a dir ectional and beam wireless equipment radio compass, mid'a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sen. On the Australian section of the route, Hie plan is to carry B! passen gers—the fare is £ll!0, pins exchange —and to reserve, SI tons for carriage of mulls and freight. 