 Sponsored "By W "This JVeef Counting The Day s To Coronation i From NELL MURRAY LONDON,. February 27. NOW thai the Coronation is near enough to develop into a matter of counting the days, ! am beginning to wonder about such mundane things as what to wear to the Abbey I —and FOOD ! Those visitors from overseas who are contracting for nice seats I in the window of some hotel along the route at ten guineas a head I will be sitting pretty, with a substantial breakfast and lunch thrown I in for the price, and non-stop champagne on tap. . I hear that Grosvenor House | has ordered in a couple of tons of j caviare, 20 tons of strawberries, I and 2500 cantaloupe melons as part of the luxury items which will be consumed on this auspicious oc casion. - But the newspaper scribes, peers, ! peeresses, and so on, who will have to sit for solid hours waiting in the Abbey for the ceremony to begin- will have no such creature comforts. . A frient of mine who went to the 1911 Coronation tells me that the thing, to do then was to take a mutton pie daintily concealed in one's handker- chief. . Why mutton pies, heaven only knows. As I don't- happen to llke, . them myself, T shall, doubtless,- switch to a ham sandwich. And. a flask of cold tea might not come amiss, as- we'll be there from well before eight. o'clock in the morning until any old hour after midday. You can't take food wrapped in paper because it rustles. Imagine the noise of hundreds of. paper bags "being opened as the hungry ones dip into then- provisions! Remembering the Jubilee celebra tions, when my taxi got stuck In the traffic on the way to St.. Paul's, and I literally had to run all the -way from Hyde Park Corner to Victoria Station, early rising and an early start will be my motto on Coronation Day . . . Artificial Flowers Worn A year or two ago, any Savllle Row tailor would have passed right out at the mention of an artificial red car nation. This was the fashion, largely pioneered by the Duke of Kent, which the gilded youth of the town adopted for evening wear. Nowadays, artificial blooms are very much the mode, and America is, buy ing them from England by the thou sand. , Meanwhile, London has had a con- troversy about what kind of hattery is smartest for men. ' Most folk were unanimous , that An thony Eden leads the style with his black felt Homburg— until someone pointed out that this was part of the official uniform of the Liverpool Cor poration sanitary inspectors— and has been for years! I don't know whether our visiting Australian youth will ; take kindly to the daring Waistcoats which are beihg introduced by some . London tailors for the greater gaity of nations during Coronation year. . ' - They are in three shades, and meant to be worn with dinner Jackets. The colors are PHnce's Grey, Bermuda Coral, and Dozi Blue. These wul have colored ties to match. Alternatively, with the latest single- oreasted dinner jackets, you can dis pense with the waistcoat altogether, and wear instead a pleated satin cum merbund. - Treasure From Japan When I was handed a completely or- oinai-y tin, wrapped in paper and look- m„ exactly like a can of prime salmon what'"eS — my flrst reaction was "So "There's a pearl inside," remarked «MIoud 0WIier, in hushed tones. Picked up and shaken, the tin tion a hollow rattle, with something fi-inT movine about loose inside. My "rt» then informed me that this iwf-P ,sea treasure" (that's what is Vo2 , , Qri the label) Is one of New ork s crazes. atiH had been brought to her from there, Vm!i.c two an&lt; a half dollars.- New h„,, wonien, it seems, can ask nothing in„ r of life than that instead of send- ,-JJho customary orchids— friends son t 'hunch" them with a dozen deep sea nthis way, they gradually amass a h.inl ; a bracelet, or anything they PPen to want in the pearl business. i,,,?lle|dng the tin is a reverent rit- '' „ FlrSt f all, you cut the cover "actly 3s if opening the humble J,',, Vlon' Comes the oyster (still no! miraculously) floating in salt »e&lt;i water. Then you open the oyster, and if all goes well, there is a marvellous snowy pearl nestling inside. This, is just a clever development of the cultured pearl idea by. the Jap anese. And I'm told that they've ar ranged things so well that seldom does the "canned" deep sea treasure turn out to be a dud. If so, you get your money back. INTERESTING VARIATIONS in mid-season head wear seen by our fashion artist, I Rene, during the week were: ; Miss Joy Pit tar's navy velour Breton trimmed with chic reefer knots of velour. The riavy felt hat with an exaggerated swathe of navy and I white worn by Miss. Noni Smith. . The tailored bow poised in the centre front which I . gave individuality to Miss Valmai Ramsay's navy felt platter tam-o'-shanter. What . promise to be favored autumn styles were Mrs. George Ewing's high crowned I 14 \v i .'.nut 'un' s u > . . um . bonnet of black felt trimmed with dyed Persian lamb, the cedar brown felt with a high front accent, chosen by Mrs. King Cornell, and the novel effect of a double rolled brim on the black felt model worn by Miss Grace Curlewis. 