 : : Social Life in Sydney j , The Lieutenant Governor and Lady Street— Entertaining Red J i Cross iDelegates— Travellers by the Awatea-— Vice-Commodore's ?, | ' Day a great success— Countess Haig Charmed With Australia^- j The Russian Ballet has a Wonderful Farewell— For London via ,, j Panama. - , - ? ; . 'Dailu Mercury Service j' ? ? , :| jr, . . ll'ME passes' . so quickly I | | | that- it is difficult to,' real- I : I : j lse that the Lieutenant [ 1 ?*??-? [ Governor . (Sir Philip I ( Street) ? and Lady Street [ - ?^='. ? Shave. been in residence at Government Houbo' for the past year, if ono oxcepts the short term o£ the lato Governor, Sir David M-iirry Anderson, and Lady Anderson. Sit ? Philip and Lady ? Street will ; en tertain delegates to .the annual Rod Cross conference at an 'at home' at Gpvornment House ? on the afternoon of' March 18. Lady Street Is an act ing vico-prosldont of the N.S.W. : Div ision ot the Rod CroBB,* and will pre side at the opening session of the conference on Maroh 17. To welcome home their grandaughter, Miss Belinda Street, who has been spending a holi day Jn Europe, Sir Philip, and Lady i Stroet will give a dance at Govern- 1 ment House on Maroh 31. ' '- ! , « ? ?# -.-?-, # # ?„ , '???: I Many - well-known folks were on the wharf to welcome friends, on Satur-, day- when the Awatea arrived . from New Zealand. It was facetiously styled 'the newly-weds'' boat, '? as thoro: were four, honeymoon .couples on board.. Mrs. A, W. Crane, of Wahroonga1, was carrying, some. lovoly flowers for her daughtor,, Mrs, John H, Keys, who before, hor . rooent mar riage was MIbb Adrlenne Crane. . They motored to tho Australia, whore . Mr. and, Mrs, -John ICoys will stay for a few days before- leaving for'; their station home, 'Bongalla,' Muswell br'ook, , —v , ! , ' * ' * .- ' ; . , T , ^ - , A visitor from Scone, who, took, only, a: passing gllmpso, of Sydney; was Mrs, V. ? Ross; She was' going on .to Goulr I burn with .her, tw'o children 'to. visit old 'friends, who best .remembered I her' by. -hor , maiden , namo of ( (Miss), Marjorie Carver.- - /;,?! ' '? ^ Mrs, William Collins, , of Nlndoolm rbah, ? Queensland, has Joined the- con tingent who. havo -loft our ujiorps with their luggagb labelled London, for I festlvltios in oonnoctlon with- tho Cor onation. She -left ' on 'Saturday for I New ZoalandJ ' where sho ? will ? tranship and travel ? via- the Panama' Canal to ?England, .? ?-? I , An .English . visitor who has thor i oughly enjoyed her trip to Australia Ib Mrs. G, Cox-Cox, of Derbyshire, , Sho j arrived, about .two, monthB. ago -on a Visit . to ijieutonam, .. wny iuiu, :? Clark, of' Darling -Point,; As , this ' is i hor first visit to Australia her hosts havo -boon most assiduous in their efforts that ' she ? should tako away I nothing but pleasant- momorlos' of hor stay;, Hor passngo is booked, by tho Oro'ntes on Maroh 10, and, . thp; many friends sho has mado -during, her! stay aro regretting that the , date, Is so nonr, ? . ! # . ?*. H- I ' The many guoflts who woro .ontor talnod at tho Royal Motor Yaoht .Olub, Rose Bay, on Saturday afternoon, I'whon a programme of- boat' races, In, celebration of 'Vloe-Oommodoro'fl Day wna held, spoilt a thoroughly onjoyabloi time, The weather, wiis perfect! the, sun sparkling on the. blue water and innumerable colored pennants flutter ing In, the broozo, No doubt as,a trib ute to the . nautical , occasion moBt of iho womon woro llnon units ot -whlto, with . .touohea ? of blue, and panama hats, ^ea waB Bervod.ln tlio dlnliig room' of tho club house after .the flrat raoo, . In. ono of tho smaller rooms crlokot 'enthusiasts listened to tho lat est sooroB from the Tost matoh In Molbourno, Other folks' watched tho rao'as from tho olub houso verandah, pr from the wharf, It ' was all vory jolly f^nd Informal, Tho host for tho afternoon wnir tho Vice (Commodore (Mr,, Fred HnrrlB)'who.wns ably ns slfltod In ontortalnlng by Mi'fl, Harris, ,who looked oharmlng In a navy tnllor 0(1 frook, with white oollnr nnd cuffs nnd a navy hat with a whlto quill. Following tho old tlmo-honorod cus tom a dnnao wnfi held In the Club Houso In tho ovonlng, nnd wns grontly onjbyod, Tho Vlco-Cnminodo.ro nnd Mrs. Harris loft nothing undono to inako tho party plonsnnt for all. Tho dooorntlonn In tho hall room, woro onrrlod out In pink nnd on tlio supper tnblo lovely rod and plnlc roson wore arranged In flnt bowls. To mnrlt tho pinoo for onoh of llio Indlon. wan a ' Ifll ? ? In «nn., r.«lr»„n,l AHIIa, KUl wmiljiuil III HIUI^'UWIWI^U phano, whloh hnd boon nrrnnged to ro pronont big ro/ios, r,lnnlnn, nnd other flowors, Tlio offool. nn mny bo imngln (Hi wnn dollghtful, nnd iyns grontly np« ' proolatod, I V ¥ ¥ * Countoi|n Ilnlg. who during hor stay In Sydney mndo tho Wotworlh Hotol lior hon'dqunrtorfl, linn innny plonnnnt memories to : recall . on her;-vlBlt' : to j N.S.W, She paid a visit to the . Legacy ) Club, which has its rooms in. 188 ) George-street; , and congratulated , the. ? . members whose chief object is to care, j for. the children of deceased .soldiers.- 1 In her speech '.she said: 'My husbandj j when writing ? to me,, mentioned.' ? bo j often the bravery, of the' Australians, which .Impressed,. him, .greatly., So J0U ! all'have reason. to, be proud, of your i fathers, -But do not forget your. inoth- 1 ors. Thoy, -too, suffered in those ter- j rible years. You children are our j hope for the future; havo peace fln your homes' and- you will bring . peace to the i World.'. - ?' ? ?' ' 'i . ;? {«-?;. \ , The' deck: .of the Kltano' Maru. was i orowded with, friends of Mr, and' Mrs. | K.- Mural, all anxious to say farewell' , and give 'them some token before thoy j sailed for their home in Japan, ' Mrs. j Mural, wore a frook- of black and white j silk crepo,:and .added, a touoh of colon i with' a long scarf, striped with' red, i I white and' bluo. The many baakotsi and cellophane, boxes , of flowers, which - ' were presented to ; Mrs. Mural proved; I conclusively tho popularity of the for- 1 mor.'ConBUl ' for Japan, and ' his dainty,'' wife.-:, - '-;..? ' . v - ; - ?;? . ' Mr. and Mrs; John Brunton had so many friends to i -see thew off /when thoy left for London, by, the Orion, that last' minute messages had to 'be taken for- granted, . Mrs, Brunton wore 1 a -well-tailored coat and. skirt of ; oream ' summer cloth, -with heir monogram, 'J.B.' . on .the pooket, Her , luggago, too, was a source of interest to hor friends,' as all her cabin trunks and 'suit cases were painted the now est shade , of- coronation bluo, and striped 'with rod and white, : ^ , - ? ?» ? - .Vy-.:!' - , There has been- considerable /'com ing and going' among the '. popular Taylor family just lately. Dr. and Mrs.' Lyle Taylor; with their small son Hugh, spent, a; muoh enjoyed holiday, ?with' the: John Taylor's at Turanv|l.le, ? Scone, and are now again in residence at , their,, home at Bellevuo. Hill,, A,' nice oottage at Collaroy for the re mainder of the surfing soason is Mrs. John; Taylor's- ohoioe for her holiday,, which she Is enjoying greatly, ' , ',, « ¥ » # ; The farewell, on' Friday night, to tb4 Ruaslan Ballet ' was , quite In keeping with the 'enthUBlnBm' which has greet ed all their 'performance, s The Theatrt Royal was or'owdod, and when the curtain wont up for the last oall, multi-colored streamors, 'balloons, lor oly floral tributes, baskets of fruit and 1 ' flowers, quaint toy anlmnls, and again moro and more flowers wore (jeen .on all Bides. Although tho popu lar company has gone to Now Zealand, tliolr art, graoe and chnrm will remain a golden memory, and ono and all hope for a return soaaon, Among the number of woll-known folks taking part' in the farowoll wore tho Llouten ant-Governor (Sir Philip Stroot) and Lady Stroot, who woro aooompnnlod by Mr, Justice Stroot, Mr, and Mrs. ? Ernest . Street, and Mlaa Phlllppa ^troot,'' and attended by' Captain Ger ald Lasson, Mr, E, J, Talt, and Mr,, H. A, Bowdon rooolvod tho Vioe Ro^al party, who bacuplod' floats In the dross oirole, , 1 ' ¥ „? ¥ . - ;W 'i , ,-. , ' Mlas Stizarino Kator Is spending a holiday with Mra, Gordon Dixon at her homo, Rothorwood, CasslliB, 