 t'.SIX'AND:A-HALt:i ' '-DAYS' ' LONDON TO DARWIN Projected Dutch Air s Schedule . Will DutcH Planes Fly' Through to .Sydney? j- W iMELBbURNE . AnrH 30. 1 Six and a-half days from London to Darwin is the ' probable schedule of the Dutch air service which is to be established shortly. Douglas airliners will be used all the way. Statements that Dutch planes will fly straight through to Sydney.- are disbelieved in aviation circles, but no Australian aviation interests - will admit , any agreement to link up with the- Dutch. ' ; 4 The Dutch will soon have a connect-: ing link between Matavia and Manila to: join the Netherlands Indies and Australia | with the Manila-San Francisco flying, boat service. Australians will save sev eral days on a flight to America by, using this line rather than the present Imperial Airways link by way or Pen-, ang and Hong Kong. The Federal Cabinet's decision estab- llshes an important principle, of policy tnat in future permission may be ' given to aircraft of any friendly Power to land in Australia in the same way as its ships ar® allowed into our ports, . Permission will be subject to the reservation that reciprocal facilities will be provided for Australian machines to land in and fly over territory controlled by a foreign Power. . keen done in the agreement "With the Netherlands Government. The decision opens up the possibility of Pan-American Airways seeking an ex tension of the San Francisco-Auckland service to Sydney. It was stated on high authority to-day that if such a request were made the Commonwealth Govern ment would not refuse it. CARRIAGE OF MAILS. .The Commonwealth is not obliged to give any service of the right to carry Prefers that all air mails to and from Australia shall be carried in Australian or British machines. In the Dutch agreement it has reserved all malls" for the Empire service. . Some doubt exists about the position of inward mails. It is possible that an arrangement will be made for the K.L.M. fine to carry purely Dutch mails, which will be distributed in Australia for an extra postage surcharge. PRINCIPLES OF NAVIGATION ACT. The Commonwealth Is applying the principles of the Navigation Act to the Dutch service, in that it will not allow passengers or freights to be carried be tween Australian cities. ' pf the K.L.M. line's pro- route from Java has been sub mitted to the Federal Government, but it is not thought likely that the service will operate further than Darwin at pre sent. 