 I MWNTOSYDNEY mails in ten days DETAILS OF I AGREEMENT Rose Bay Will Be Air Base CHEAPER RATE CANBERRA. Wednesday. JYDJvEy will be linked with London by ten days' air mail and passenger service by tlie terms of an agreement entered into between the Commonwealth and Britain. | JEI'AILS of the service tabled in oub nuuse or uommons to-day were released In Canberra to-night. One of tho outstanding features of the agreement is that the service is based on the assumption that Sydney will be the terminus, and in view of this, Rose Bay is certain to be select ed as the air base, despite any ob jections which may be raised by the residents of that locality. This point, however, will probably be decided at a Cabinet meeting to be held in Mel bourne on Monday. A British White Paper envisages two trips a week, during which the mail will be carried at ordinary rates of postage. Ultimate provision is to be made, however, for a seven days' journey from London to Sydney. Australia will control the Singa- jOre-Darwin section of the route, and in this connection the Commonwealth Government has nominated Qantas as the operating company. Imperial Airways will, of course, control the section from London to Singapore. Nq Tenders Called Some surprise has been expressed in official circles at the failure of the Commonwealth Government to call tenders for the Singapore-Darwin section of the route. rnmniA«/»ln(? f,Am Tnuusni 1 1MB tho British Government Tfll subsi dise the services to Australia, India, and South Africa to the extent of £750.000 a year, the subsidy to decline by £75.000 a year in successive three- year periods. Payment for the car riage of mails is fixed at £900,000 a year. The Dominions concerned In the seivlce will contribute £185.000 a year, Australia's payments to be made to the companies associated in the ser vice with the Imperial Airways. Commenting on the agreement, the Acting-Prime Minister, Dr. Earl Page, said to-night that tho Com monwealth regarded the British pro posal for a two-way carriage of first- class mall matter by air as incom patible with the surcharge system operating in Australia. Special ar rangements, therefore, had been made for tlie imposition of a sur charge of 5d per half-ounce, which was 1/1 less than the present rate. No Unified Control Dr. Page announced that the Fed eral Government had objected to the British proposal for unified control by the Commonwealth and United Kingdom of the route from London to Sydney, but had succeeded in re taining sole control of the Singapore- Sydney section. It had been agreed that the same type of aircraft would fly the whole route. The flying boats used for this pur pose would be on trial for two of the fifteen years of the contract. It was expected that the machines would be satisfactory, but provision had been made for the Federal Govern ment to review the basis of the par ticipation in operation on the route if they proved a failure. Flown By Australians Dr. Page emphasised that the 'planes used on the section of the route under Commonwealth control would be flown by Australians and would be available to the Common wealth in the event of emergency. If the mail carried annually was less than 40, 0001b a year at the out set, the Australian contribution to the subsidy would be £40,000 sterling, and £32,000 sterling for mails. A maximum of £50,000 subsidy and £32,000 for mails would be reached when the service was carrying 55,000 lb. of mail annually. While surcharge fees would pro vide portion of these costs, extra ex penditure aggregating £30,000 a year would be Incurred for ground or ganisation on the Singapore-Sydney section of the route. 