 SYDNEY'S GREAT DAY. Reflection of London's Pageantry. Though far removed from the sacred atmosphere of Westminster Abbey, the ritual of the King's enthronement was | re-enacted at St. Andrew's Cathedral, I Sydney, on Wednesday. i Robes of scarlet and the lustre of gold oil brilliant uniforms lent sonie-i tiling of Die color of the historic Abbey j scene as the Archbishop of Sydney, | Dr. Moivll, conducted the official cum-i meinoration service. 1 The entrance of the Governor, as , Iris Majesty's representative, was her alded with a fanfare of trumpets fol- 1 I lowed by the exultant anthem 'Vivat 1 I Rex Georgius!' ] ! For the Recognition, which was in- j toned by tlie Bishop Coadjutor (lliu I Right Rev. C. V. Pilclier) tlie great j congregation rose to the rolling of drums and shouted. 'God Save King j George!' followed by the echo of , trumpets. Ten thousand children representing every Catholic school in Sydney, thronged St. Mary's Cathedral at a service of thanksgiving to commemor ate the Coronation. At 10 a.m. every seat was occupied and as hundreds more poured in, the aisles were filled to overflowing. Amplifiers carried llic voices of the children lo hundreds of adults who were unable to enter the Cathedral. Preceded by cross-bearer and 80 acolytes, Archbishop Kelly entered at 10.30. As lie took bis seat beside tlie High Altar, the children sang the age-old hymn, 'Vcni Creator,' and 'Look Down, O Mother Mary.' Archbishop Kelly preached the ser mon and offered prayer for the King. Something of London's Coronation fervour had communicated itself to tlie Sydney citizen. About 200,000 people saw the afternoon display ill Centennial Park by 10,000 Navy, Army, and Air Force members. In (lie evening crowds converged on the foreshores to see the fireworks display. Before S p.m. about 230,000 people were gathered on the water front vantage points. At a brilliant ceremony at Canberra, the Acting Prime Minister (Dr. Page) said that the people of Australia were attending, in spirit, the great Loudon ceremony. 