 SPOTLIGHT ON SOCIETY I JpORMER Sydney girl marries in London to-day . . . News from Mrs. John Human . . . I Miss Fay Compton's new dog . ... Holidays in mountains . . . To join wife and son in I England . . . Fishing at Forster ... IhE marriage, of a former Sydney I girl, Miss Sheila Holroyde, to Mr. Iruan Robertson, eldest son of Mr. lid Mrs. Mariwaring Robertson, of ling's Farm, Blnsted, Alton, Hants, 111 take place in London to-day, at fc. Margaret's Church, Westminster, liss Holroyde is the daughter of Mr. ltd Mrs. Eustace C. Holroyde, of 67 linismore Gardens, London, who left I'tlney some years ago. Four of the Is bridesmaids will be Misses Bettina larton (elder daughter of Judge and Irs. Barton, of W-collahra), who has list arrived in London; Margaret Hol- Jiydc, the bride's sister; Anne Ken- lecly and Ingrid McDermott, of Ire- Ind. The bride and bridesmaids will lenr Norman Hartnell model gowns, Ifter the wedding the reception will be leld at Claridge's. Mrs. W. H. Mose- ly, of Rose Bay, the bride's grand mother, is eagerly waiting a cable llth further details of the wedding. llTR. AND MRS. STAPLE Y f EDWARDS have returned to furramurra after a fortnight in Mel bourne. rJHE celebrated English actress, Miss Fay Comptpn, who arrived in' Sydney this morning in the Awatea after a tour of New Zealand, has brought, back a souvenir of that country. It is a tiny terrier dog which was given to .her there and whom she has called "Kaere Mai" which is Maori for "Come Here." She says he is a very good dog and she is glad of it because she hates "spoilt dogs and children," Miss Compton, who lunched at the Hotel Australia, will leave to-day for Brisbane by plane. Her Sydney season opens at the Theatre Royal on May 14, with "Victoria-' Regiha" which in her opin ion is a difficult play to play because it was written from a novel. A DIAMOND wristlet watch was presented to Mrs. Matt Sawver, the retiring President of the C.W.A., at the annual conference, which was continued at David Jones's to-day. IN a recent letter received by Lady Walder, from her daughter, Mrs. John Human, the . former Mollic Walder, she says that her husband, a well-known English cricketer, was very excited about the arrival of the Australian Test team, as he met many of them when he was here. p honor of the Dutch violinist, Bran Bleekrode, who is spending several months in Australia from his home In Amsterdam, Mr. and Mrs. J. Waller Roberts, of Rosevillc, and their daughter. Miss Dagmar Roberts, will entertain a number of well- known musical people at their home to-night. Mrs. Roberts will receive her guests in an unusual frock of blue taffeta, made in peasant style, with a hand-embroidered Russian blouse. Among the guests will be Mr. and Mrs, Alfred Hill, Mr. and Mrs. Howard Ashton, the Misses Eleanor Roberts, Beryl Ross, Uther Barker, Hera Roberts, Messrs. Ted Druitt, Tony Rex, Frederick Hyde and Louis Krieks. jVfRS. R. COUPLAND WINN, of Vauclit.se, is recovering from an operation she underwent in St. Luke's Hospital a week ago, AIR. AND MRS, ROY BUCKLAND, ' of Bellevuc Hill, and their three sons, Jim, Bob and David, have taken Mrs. Hughes's house, "Oak Lodge," Leura. Bob is recuperating after an 'operation for appendicitis. AfRS. PHILIP KING, of Killara, ' and her two children, Stephen and Genifer, are also spending a holi day' at the Mountains. They have gone to Wentworth Falls. AfRS. M. BALDRY, of Woollahra, and her son John have decided to spend a few weeks at Leura, where they will spend much of their time playing golf. They ' will stay at the Gladstone. TVHE headmaster of "Shore," Mr. L. C. Robson, will leave by the Mariposa to-day on his way to Eng land where he will join his wife and son, Mrs, Robson, and Alistair, who left Sydney some time ago. Mr. Rob son will, studv educational methods abroad, and will not return to Sydney, until the end of the year. BABY SAMUEL McDONALD seemed to think it was a great joke, when he had his picture taken with his mother. Only son of MR. and MRS. BARTON S. J. McDONALD, of Vaucluse, Samuel was recently christened in the Church of England at Bundanoon, where his grandparents (Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Manning, of Rose Bay), were the first couple to be married. He is wearing his christening robe of hand-made lace. JWTSS ENID MANNING, who has been visiting her parents in Syd ney,- will sail for England on May 4 in the Otranto. Miss Manning, whose home, has been in London for some time, is well known as a mannequin, JOHN CHURCHILL are the names whicli Mr. and Mrs. Rupert Tucker, of Camden, have chosen for their small son. The baby was christ ened recently at "Woodlands," the home of Mr. and Mrs. Tucker. MR. and MRS. G. A. LLOYD, of . Roseville,'. will leave Sydney in the Otranto on May 4, Mr. Lloyd is ' Australian Representative of Vis count Nuffield, and the trip will com bine business and pleasure. MR. and MRS. B. BLACKBOURN, I who have had a house at Col- laroy for some . months, will leave at the end of next week for a few weeks' Ashing' at Forster, and will then , go on to Cairns. 