 SAVAGE LINKS SYDNEY-LONDON Six-Da Route By Air Mail , By The Labor Daily Aviation Writer. THE enterprise of New Zealand's 4" Labor Prime Minister, Mn Savage, will enable a regular Australia-United. States-London air service to be established early m January. Making connections at Auckland, San Francisco and New York, it will bring Sydney within six days of London. The new route, of approximately 14,000 miles, is almost 2000 less than that covered by Empire Airways. YET the Empire flying boats find it difficult to main tain a schedule aervice of 9 J days between terminals. The Labor Dally announced exclu sively some weeks ago that Mr. sav age had promised his people their Christmas mall to England by air. New Zealand's Christmas mall will be carried on the Tasman flying boat service to be operated bv Union Alrwavs In association with Imperial and Qantas-Emplre Airways. Link With U.S. In tlio proposed service the Tas man boats will Unlc up at Auckland with the big 40-pasecngcr Pan- American Boeing boats. Mr. Savage has been working for months with the Idea of eoC latlng the two services. He has pushed ahead with much of the preliminary organisation work. Interviewed In Auckland yester day, Pan-American representative, Mr. Harold Catty, said. "Successful tests have been carried out with the new Boeing planes, and the company Is now In a position to go ahead. 4000 Miles' Range "The Boeings will have a flying range of about 4000 miles. This will enable Kingman Reef and Pago Pago stops to bo excluded. , _ "The., route now wilt, bo San /(Francisco, HohoIpIu-jCXntoh -Is- ' fr land, (Phoenix ' group) and Aucli- , land."' ' Mi\ ' Catty' added that a model air port, Including a modem hotel,' was being built at Canton Island. He said that the service would be gin early In January. Meantime, the Federal Govern ment has shown a characteristic dis interest in the whole Proceedings. Weather Expert Pan - American's meteorological tester, Mr. E. B. Buxton, arrived in Sydney on Tuesday from New Zea land. "I, have spent a year In Auckland making a detailed study of the me teorological side," he said yesterday. "I have used reports from ships and Islands. "Our ground organisation ' has been kept in readiness. "We could start to-morrow if the boats were ready.". Mr. Buxton added that further weather Information - was desirable from the New Hebrides and' Lord Howe Islands areas. In Britain, tests will shortly be carried out. with the three speclally- bullt Tasman flying boats, which should reach Australia in December. - Meantime, details or the Tasman service are being discussed by the British Air Ministry and the Aus tralian, and New Zealand High Com- mlssloners. 