 OVERSEAS AIR MAIL LONDON-SYDNEY SCHEDULE. Reduction of Two Days Later. SYDNEY, June 17.-It was stated offi cially by Qantas Empire Airways, Ltd.. today that under the flying boat schedule of nine and a half days from London to Sydney there was provision for a service of three and a half days between Singa pore and Sydney. The schedule, it was stated, provided for emergencies likely to occur in the early stages of the service. but when initial diffculties had been overcome it was proposed to reduce the schedule from nine and a half days from London to Sydney to eight and a half days, and later to seven and a half days. The difficulties at present were largely in respect to the British section of the route and these were being steadily over come. Qantas did not anticipate any extraordinary difficulties on the Singa pore to Sydney section of the route, which it will control in co-operation with Im perial Airways, Ltd. Imperial Airways will control the section from London to Singapore. The managing-director of Qantas Air- ways (Mr. Hudson Fysh). referring to the statement of the Minister for Defence (Mr. Thorby) in Parliament on Tuesday night, said that his company was not re sponsible for the construction of air bases in Australia, and whether they were of a temporary or permanent character was entirely the responsibility of the Aus trallan and British Governments. His company, he said, was responsible only for the facilities for loading and unload ing passengers and freight Mr. Fysh said that when the tri-weekly flying boat service was in full operation in August there would be ample accom modation in the flying boats for all mall matter sent from New Zealand to Sydney for transit to London by air mail. The New Zealand malls would be brought to Sydney by ship pending the commence ment of the trans-Tasnan flying boat service. With the ltd. per half-ounce flat rate on first-class mall matter from London to Australia, large demands would be made on the accommodation for flying boats coming to Australia, he said, but with the higher rate of 5d. per half-ounce on first-class mall matter from Australia to England it was expected that there will be more than sufficient accommoda tion for the mails from New Zealand. 