 Weddings In London And Sydney Americans Plan Ball For Independence Day President's Young Sons Made Model Aeroplanes FORTY tiny gilded aeroplanes, made by Bill and Claude Vautin, the young sons of the president of the ball com mittee, decorated the tables at the 17th reunion ball of the Australian Flying Corps' Association at the Trocadero last, night. Red, light blue, and dark blue balloons, representing the colors of the associa tion, were suspended on long streamers from the centre of the ballroom, and flowers in the same colorings made lovely decorations on the official table. On one table a floral hangar was made with crimson roses and blue hydrangeas. Eight debutantes, Misses Joyce Allen, June Hitohins, Lorna Wilson, Betty Westbury, Nancy McDonough, Betty Richardson, Lorna Beattie, and Joan Hillman, were presented to the Lady Mayoress (Mrs. Norman Nock) by the president of the ladies' committee (Mrs. C. H. Vautin). They were escorted by officers of the R.A.A.F., Richmond. The Lady Mayoress, who was accom panied by Miss Hazel Wedlock, wore a bolero frock of cream lacquered satin, patterned with floral posies. The president of the association (Major A. W. L. Ellis) was assisted in receiving the official guests by Mrs. Ellis, who wore a tailored gown of vintage wine lace, with a corsage posy of roses and lily-of-the-valley. Mrs. M. F. Bruxner, who accompanied the Minister for Transport (Mr. Brux ner), wore a peplum frock of self- embossed magnolia satin. A frock of black satin, patterned in buttercups, was chosen by Mrs. C. T. P. Ulm. Mrs. F. M. Lorenzo wore a high-necked frock of shell-pink chiffon. Group- Captain de la Rue was accompanied by Mrs. de la Rue, who wore a full-skirted frock of lace lace. Mrs. Norman Mul- roney's midnight blue sheer frock had straps of diamente. A frock of blue and silver lame, pat terned in a leaf design, was worn by Mrs. Wilson Ingram. Miss Ellen Rogers danced in 'a coronation blue net frock. Mrs. R. Christie, who accompanied Wing-Commander Christie, chose a frock of pink chiffon. VISCOUNT ST. DAVID and his bride, formerly Miss Doreen Jowett, of Melbourne, leaving St. James', Piccadilly, London, after their marriage on May 5. Viscount St. David is 21 years old, and succeeded to the title a little over a month ago. —Airmail. 