 Flying Boat Service On July 2 : — — ' V L " » T- — " — ; — : — : — SYDNEY-LONDON IN 8 DAYS ON DUTCH LINE COMPANIES ANNOYED AT INTERNAL DELAY J STARTING date of the Singapore-Sydney flying ser-/ vice will probably be July 2 from Singapore and July 5 from Sydney. A Committee will meet in Melbourne today to discuss the date and other details of the service. The K.N.I.L.M. (Royal Netherlands Indies Airways) service will begin from both directions on. July 3, it was announced yester day. The service will be bi-weekly, leaving both terminals every Sun day and Thursday, and occupying one and a half days. This service win bring Sydney within eight days of London. The Empire flying-boats will fly three services a week, on a schedule of 91 days, including two days from Darwin to Sydney. Passenger fares will be about the same with each service— £207 by K.N.I.LM., and £205 by Empire Airways. The Dutch line will not carry mails, however, from Australia, but will bring out malls, as well as passengers and freights. lid Mail Rate Mr A. H. Berts, K.NJJLM. repre?enta- tive in Australia, said that it was not expected that the Dutch planes would carry any considerable amount of Eng lish mail to Australia. The first-class airmail rate from England to Sydney will be lid per half-ounce, and from Sydney to Eng land, 5d, including 3d surcharge. Local air companies are awaiting with Impatience a decision on internal distri bution of overseas malls. This matter, was left to a depart mental committee, consisting of repre sentatives of the Treasury, the Civil Aviation Board, and the Postmaster- General's Department. Feeder Services This committee was not called together, however, until last week. The Minister for Defence (Mr. Thorby) announced yesterday that malls for Ade laide and Perth would be flown by feeder services direct from Darwin to those cities. He could not say when those ser vices would be organised. The MacRobertson line already flies airmails direct, from Darwin to Perth, and, it was reported yesterday, coultl almost immediately convert its- service Into a thrice-weekly service. Mr. H, M. Smith, managing director of Guinea Airways, Ltd., which conducts a direct service between Darwin ana Adelaide, said last night:— "We can meet every flying-boat at Darwin, and take the mails as many times a week as they like." Mails By Train Until feeder services are arranged, mails for Adelaide and Melbourne may continue to go on by train, as they do at present, from Cootamundra. The suggestion that a surcharge of 3d be paid by senders who wish their mail to be forwarded from Darwin was stated last night to be most unlikely. :It . has never been' discussed, by -Cabinet. . Further, by reciprocal agreement, mail surcharges are taken by the country of origin— the Commonwealth G.P.O. would not collect it. Postal regulations lay down that air mail charges cover transmission by all airmail services in Australia necessarily used in the conveyance of the article to or from the point of contact with the AustraUa-Singanore-EnKland service. Equipment Difficulty Mr. Thorby said yesterday that the Civil Aviation Department was concen trating on completing the organisation of an air service between Darwin and Sydney; ' One of the main difficulties was that of obtaining the necessary equipment. This inoluded wireless and meteorolo gical apparatus and beacons. Building construction, bJso, was being carried out at a time when the archi tectural branch was under heavy pres sure of . work from the Defence Depart ment. Everything, however, was being done to reorganise Internal air services as quickly as possible. Mr. Thorby added th«t he was defin itely opposed to night flying on the internal air services. "Mania For Speed" "It is quite unnecessary, and may only lead to the sacrifice of valuable lives," he said. "We cut weeks off the travelling time for overseas mails, and now some people want a few more seconds cut off. "This mania for speed can be over done. "Air services are quite fast enough for all flying to be done by daylight. All aerodromes would, however, be prepared for emergency night landings, Mr. Thorby added. The Postmaster-General (Senator Mc- Lachlan) is, on the other hand, a strong advocate of night flying, and visualises the ultimate flying of the majority of in land malls by night. 