 TO-DAY'S TELEGRAMS. PERMANENT AGE NT-GENERAL, FOB, LONDON; GERMANY IN THE PACIFIC; SENATOR Mc LiACHLAN'S 7AESIGNATION; NATIONAL INS URA1VCE NOT TO BE POSTPONED; AMERI CA'S VAST ARMY OIF UNEM PLOYED. Sydney, Friday. Mr. Stevens, In reply to a question by Mr. Garter In the Legislative As sembly to-day, .said the Government proposed to appoint a permanent Agent-General for I'f.S.W. in London as soon as the mala with the right commercial qualifications could be se cured. Mr. Stevens tol d Mr. Cahlll that newspaper stateme nts that the Nation al Insurance Act ? pas to be postponed for some time were, according to hlfl information, entiroly without founda tion. r Mr. W. F. Dunn (Labor, Mudgee), resuming the debate on the Budget, said the Federal Government's trade diversion policy would result in dam age to Australia, and particularly the wool-growing industry. He added that the Federal Government had no right to slap the face of Japan in such a maimer. It should have been Austra lia's policy to encourage friendly re lations with Japan and any other nation in the Pacific. Referring to Gerjnany's claim to the colonies, he said personally he believed it would | not be a bad thing for another strong j white race to rise in the Pacific. j :o: I Mr. S. F. Newland, a former presi- j dent of the Sydney Chamber of Manu- ! factures, on his return to-day from a world tour, said that with 15,000,000 unemployed, the United States were involved in an industrial war of the worst kind. They had no arbitration ' system, and were going through now j what Australia experienced 20 years i ago. :o: When asked to-day if he intended to reply to the criticism in the House of Representatives by Mr. Spender , (United Australia Party) of his ad- ; ministration of the Defence Depart ment, Sir Archdale Parkhill replied: "No, not at the moment." He gave a similar answer when invited to give his views on the present defence re quirements. John O'JKeefe (30), salesman, was charged at the Central Court with having maliciously, by the use of a corrosive fluid, done grievous bodily | harm to Phillip John Pettit at Temora j on 25th October, 1932. The police pro secutor said his instructions were that 1 Pettit had lost the sight of one eye, and that the defendant had failed to answer his bail. Defendant was re manded to appear at Temora - Court on November 11. Bail was allowed in £500. Senator McLaehlan's resignation as Postmaster-General last night in dram atic circumstances was the sole topic in the Federal Parliamentary lobbies to-day. The general opinion was ex pressed that it made the contemplated reconstruction of the Cabinet in the near future less difficult than would otherwise have been the case. :o: Although it has been officially de nied, the construction of a railway line between Richmond and Singleton is being considered. It is understood that reports are now in preparation by the Railway Department dealing with alternative routes. 