 The Story of a Generation Days Of Our Years," by Pierre von Paassen. (William Heinemann, Lon don. Copy from Angus & Robertson Sydney). JUDGING from the quotations on the dust jacket, many hard-bitten reviewers have been thrilled by this book. Nor is this fact surprising, since here , we have a new, and most interest- . ing, type of autobiography. Mr. Van Paassen, a Dutch journalist, has woven into the story of his own life the story of the generation to which he belongs. And it is strictly true to say that there is not a dull page in the book. Most of all, is one impressed by the generous humanity and brave idealism of the writer! The scenes of horror which he has witnessed at close quar ters might easily have turned him into a cynic; many of his descriptions make one sickened at the record of human vileness and savagery. Mr. Van Paas sen has passed through experiences which have stripped him of all pleasant illusions. Yet he maintains a spiritual faith and a moral elevation which make bis autobiography "a means of grace." He lived through the fiery furnace of the Great War, the follies and intrigues of the Great War's aftermath, the triumph of Fascism in Italy and Hitler ism in Germany, the tragedy of Ethiopia and the darker tragedy of Spain. He is a realist; he could hardly be otherwise. The miracle is that he is still an impenitent idealist. Born and bred in the little Dutch town of Gor cum, he has moved away from the stern ness of the antique CalvuusUc creed which enveloped his childhood and youth, but he still holds fast to the as surance that a God of justice reigns, judges and avenges. Trained for the Christian ministry, he occupies no pul pit, but in this book sounds the authen tic note of prophecy. A Dutchman and justly proud of his great little country, he is all the more an internationalist. Passionate. in his hatred of cruelty, oppression and exploi tation, he realises that mere hatred has no power to save mankind. Believing in a free democracy as the form of so ciety which best ensures the preserva tion of the true human and divine values, he is keenly alive to the perils which beset us from within as well as from without. This book is the work of a man who. seeing and revealing the worst, and analysing deeply the causes of our "pre sent distress, still dares to believe in the best. Apart from its interest to the student of recent history and poli tics, the book discloses a personality of rare charm and culture. Nor is this all. Mr. Van Paassen has insight, courage, and, above all, a burning sym pathy for the poor and disinherited, but nothing of the bitterness and fero city which unhappily appear in many of those who claim to champion the cause of "the under dog." ik Mr. Van Paassen knows the ins and outs of European politics. His travels have made him familiar with most of the capitals and chancellories, but even more with the life of the humble folk who in every land seem to him the victims of the greed, selfishness, and stupidity of their "betters." His revelations of the basenesses of armament mongers, diplomatists, and Ministers are astonishing to those un familiar with then" doings. For most of his information be is himself the authority, since he has himself talked with the great ones, and seen with his own eyes the unhallowed fruits of their schemings. For tbe rest he invariably cites his authorities, nor can these authorities be easily disparaged. He claims to prove, for example, that M. Laval. Foreign Minister of France, was thoroughly acquainted with Musso lini's plans for the absorption of Ethiopia, and even undertook to facili tate them. He cites evidence to prove —what is now hardly disputed—that the Franco uprising in Spain was actually concocted in association with Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, which lent to Franco large help from the very begin ning of the Civil War. and, indeed, be fore its beginning. Perhaps the most distressing part of the book to the British reader is Mr. Van Paassen's indictment of British administration in Palestine. Henioes not conceal his enthusiasm for the ' achievements of the Jewish colonists in Palestine, which are by no means limited to Tel-Aviv. All kinds of interesting social and agricultural experiments are being carried out by outlying Jewish communities, working on communistic or co-operative lines. On tbe other hand, he believes that the Grand Mufti ' and the self-appointed champions of Arab nationalism are not in any way representative of the masses of the Arab people, who have been vastly bene ■ fited by the Jewish influx, but are simply > catspa'ws of the selfish interests of a • small group of Arab landlords. Mr. Van Paassen charges British ad -1 ministration with gross partiality to ; wards the Arab rebels, and neglect of ; duty in not securing protection for Jew ish settlers peacefully engaged in legiti ; mate and beneficial activities. It would be good to know the official answer to Mr. Van Paassen's detailed and speci fic charges. Mr. Van Paassen's account of Ethiopia is particularly useful. He fully admits the deplorably low level of civilisation, culture and religion in Have Selassie's domain, the barbaric poverty and cruelty which prevailed, the extensive breakdown of law and order, and, worst of all. the continuance of the slave trade on an extensive scale. At the same time, he exposes the unspeakable bru talities of the Italian invaders, who even now are far from having subdued all resistance. He thinks the Ethiopians would have done far better if they had restricted themselves to guerilla methods and not exposed their ill-disciplined and ill armed medieval levies to the perils of open warfare, the rain of death from Italian aeroplanes, and the worse terror of poison gas. The book, grim as it is for the most part, is lightened by a few touches of humor, and Mr. Van Paassen tells a good story with gusto. Altogether, this book is solid and memorable: reading it is an experience that should not be missed. 