 Spotlight on Society j J ORD and Lady Gifford to have informal at home to-day . . . Sydney girl to live in New York after1 her marriage m June . . . Party given for next week's bride . . Dinner party to-night for former Lord Mayor of London. HER many friends will be interested in the announcement of the en gagement of . Miss Myrine Collins, eldest daughter of the late John Collins, of Minyip, Victoria, and Coonamble, N.S.W., and of Mrs, Ellen Collins, of Svdnev. to Mr. James Harten, of New York, second son of the late P. and Mrs. Harten, of County Cavan, Ireland. Miss Collins met her fiance in New York, in October last year, while on a world tour. She will leave In the Monterey on April 28, for her marriage, which will take place at St. Peter's Church, Barclay-st.. New York, on June 3. Miss Collins has chosen an unusual engagement ring — a circlet of . Aus tralian black opals, set with two small diamonds between each stone. The opals are all of different shades. She leturncd to Sydney yesterday, after spending the week-end in Melbourne, saying farewell to relatives. I ORD and Lady Gifford will leave Sydney early to-morrow morning in an Imperial Airways flying-boat for Engiand. At .5.30 this evening they will be at heme at "Mericola" to say good-bye to their many Sydney friends. y£R. and MRS. MAX HOUSTON, of Bi-rrowye" station, Upper Murray, who have been in town for the .races, and are staying at the Oceanic Hotel. Coogee, will motor back. to their home to-morrow. The.v intend visiting Hay shortly and also Hillston for the picnic races, which will be held, at the end of the month. jy£RS. W. S. BENNETT, of Warra- wee. gave a luncheon party yes terday at . Prince s in honor of a London visitor. Ladv Fletcher. Her other guests were Miesdames' H. C. Phillips. Leonard Darby, Malcolm Mackellar/ H. N. Giblin, and Roy Buckland. . Miss Claudia Beazley lunched at the same rendezvous with three Melbourne visitors who are herd for race week. They were Misses Lorna and Betty Bradford, who have taken a flat at "Rockleigh." Eliza beth Bay. and Miss Joyce Gardiner. 3 RS. DARCY WILLIAMS will give a small dinner party at the Hotel Australia to-night. Her guests will be. Sir Harry Twyford, a former Lord Mayor of London, who. arrived in Sydney last week.. Miss Ursula Bar- ion, ana ner son, Dr. Darcy Wil liams. Mrs. Williams has recently left, her flat at the T. and G. and is now at ; the Hotel ' Metropole. 3|RS. BILL CbCKS, of Chatswood, gave an afternoon party yester day in honor of her sister. Miss Bev erley Roberts, who will marry Mr, Grant Walker, of Turramurra, on April 17. The party wa,s held at the home of Mrs. R. F. Roberts, mother of' the bride-elect, at Gordon. Among the guests' were Mesdames Mick Grace, Lister Henry, Malcolm O'Reilly, of Scone. Tony Primrose, Geoff Cox, Dick. Cohen, and Misses Sheila Pring, Sheila'1 Murchison; Pat' -Forsyth, Pat Ross and Nancy Mitchell. 3JRS. KEITH FISHER will be hos tess at a party at Elanora on Saturday. Her guests will include Miss Coral Gibbes and her fiance, Mr. Ross Bucknell,-. of Inverell, Misses Hope and Wyn Kellow, June Walton, Dawn Gibbes, Messrs. Geoffrey Gif ford, Douglas Hull and Laurie Thomp son. rpHREE Binalong visitors to the x raoes included Mf.'E. P. Browne, of Emerald Hill, his sister, Mrs. S. Davies, and Mrs. Tom Garry. Mrs. Charles MacLeod, of Bowral, is another countrywoman down for Easter. She .islstaying. at the Queen's Club. Mrs. B. Barlow and Miss L. Browne-Smith, who motored., over from Adelaide for the Randwick meet ing, did the journey in two days. Women's Section continued on Page 18. MISS MYRINE COLLINS, whole engagement and approaching marriage lo Mr. i James Harten, of New York, are announced. Sec paragraph. J CT. MARY MAGDALENE'S Church, Rose Bay, was chosen by Miss Susan Kathleen Stevens, for her marriage, which was celebrated at a Nuptial Mass to-day, with Mr. John James Tudehope, of Murrurundi. The bride, who Ls the younger daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Stevens, of Rose Bay, wore a frock of white stiffened net over lame, the skirt of which was appliqued with lame true lovers' knots. Her long tulle veil was held in place with a coronet of orange blossom and she carried a bouquet of white flowers, in the shape of a true lovers' knot. Both the bride and bridegroom were unattended as arrangements for the wedding, which was to have taken place next month, have been made at three days' notice, owing to the fact that the bridegroom has to return to his legal work at Murrurundi sooner than expected. . 3fR. and MRS. J. STRINGER, of Brisbane, are holidaying In Syd ney with the former's parents, Cap tain and Mrs. J.. R. Stringer, of Cremome. On Sunday their infant son was christened John Michael Armstrong at Sydney Church of Eng land Grammar School Chanel, where their own marriage had taken place. MR. and MRS. KEN SIDES, of "Arcadia" Station, Goolgowi, and their children, Janet arid John, are in Sydney and are staying with Mrs. Sides's parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Beames, at Chatswood. ' ' TVTISS JEAN MUNRO and Mr. Donald Munro, of Arcot, Texas, Queensland, are visitors to Sydney and are staying at No. 9 Springfleld- avenue. Miss Nancy Walker, who is down for two weeks from her home at Armidale, is also at No. 9. A I RS. ALEX J. . GIBSON, of Wollstonecraft, is . looking for ward to the visit of her friend, Mrs. A. S. Jeffreys, who will shortly arrive from India and will stay with her until she goes on a trip to New Zea land. ATR. and Mrs. Larry Adler went on to the Carl Thomas Club last night after entertaining at their flat at Wyldefel Gardens in: honor of the first anniversary of their wedding. They were with Miss' Bea Meeks and Mr. C. F. Tyler. Also dancing at the club were Mr. and Mrs; John Dunlop, Mr., and Mrs. Don Matthews, Mr. and Mrs. John McCathie, Miss Kathleen Coberoft, Mr. Ian Fell, -Mr. and Mrs. Harold, Flett, Miss Marcelle Bishop and Mr; Bill McMahori. . .PHE marriage, of Miss Bronwen (Bonnie! Rees. only daughter of the jatc Captain Llewellyn Rees and of .Mrs. Rees, of Sydney, to Mr. Neville J. . Cooper, onlv son ol Mr. and Mrs.\ J. Cooper, of Parramatta, will ' take place to-morrow night at St.. Mary's Basilica, 3£ISS ELLA O'SHEA, of Brisbane, . . is paying one of i her regular race week visits to Sydney and is staying at the Hotel Australia. and MRS. M. F. CONNELLAN, who were married at St; Canice's Church, Roslyri- Gardens, yesterday, ;have left by the Manunaa' for a honeymoon tour - of Melbourne and Tasmania. - Mrs. Connellan, iwfio be fore he; marriage' was Miss Joan Mary Gazzard, daughter, of Mr. and 'Mrs. W. A. Gazzard, of Roslyn Gar dens, wore a frock of white crepe 'remain and a doll's -hat of white :trlriiriied with white ostrich' feathers. She carried an Ivory prayer-book, from which trailed masses of lily of the valley. Miss Helen Dunn was bridesmaid, and Mr. Val Connell best man. After the ceremony, which was performed by Father J. Ferrari, a re ception took place at the Mayfair Hotel, when they return from their honeymoon the young couple will make their home at Rose Bay. jVTRS. PENFOLD HYLAND has Issued invitations for an at home, to be held at her house, "Toft Monks," at Elizabeth Bay, on April 17, at 3.30 p.m., in honor of the delegates to the 1939 ' Red Cross conference. rJX> say good-bye to Mrs. Ben Skcl- > tori, of Chatswood, who with her husband ' nnd two children, Nocline and John, will sail for England on April 23 in the Orford, several. of her friends entertained this afternoon at. Prince's. Among those present were Mesdames A. Webb. W. H. Withers. A. Miller. W. Ives, G. Brown and Miss Nell Warren, ' jADY HOSKIN.G will lenve for her home in Wellington, New Zea land, on Friday after two weeks in Sydney on a visit to her daughter, Mrs. Dundas Allen. She called in at Sydney on her return home after spending several months abroad. MRS BAXTER' BRUCE, of Darling Point, is a patient in St. Luke's Hospital. 