 Awaited With World Interest » — . — . DECISIONS OF TEHERAN CONFERENCE Details in Sydney To-day LONDON, Monday THE whole world is waiting for the official statement! on the Three Power Conference at Teheran (Persia) between President Roosevelt, Mr. Churchill and Marshal Stalin. It is expected that the details of the statement will be known in Australia to-day, and will be released simultaneously in all State capitals. r Messages from Moscow say the meet ing is the main topic of conversation in Russia superseding the R.A.P. bomb ing of Berlin. The dally papers em phasise the greai Importance of the occasion. "Red Star" points out that achieving victory in Europe at the earliest pos sible time more than military opera tions were discussed at Teheran. The conference will have an im mense, effect on tlie war and the Al lied leaders are expected to give lull effect to political Interests, which may have a profound effect at the present time. The Tclieran conference Is acknow ledged in America as the precursor of great and final events. The deeds that will follow its deliberation will cover the world with the smoke of battle, but when the smoke clears away there will be a patiern that is new and a pattern that will not be easily changed. The meeting of Allied chiefs In Nth. Africa has had a better press notice in India than any previous conference. This is only partly due to the presence of Generalissimo Chiang Kai Shek. The conference is thought in India to be chiefly Important because It ends all Japanese hopes of a compromise peace. In the United States, the Army and Navy Registrar says the Invasion of Europe will -.depend' op— iha dor-tnlnn V reached at Teheran, but" events In the near future may make an invasion un necessary. Following a long series of confer ences in which nearly all military leaders of the United Nations were engaged, It was generally expected that an announcement would be made of the appointment of a com mander in chief of operations against Germany In Western Europe. RECEPTION IN GERMANY The German radio on Sunday morn ing quoted reports from Switzerland claiming that Turkey was arranging a meeting between President Inonu, Mr. Churchill and President Roosevelt. German leaders, press and wireless | have been trying hard In the past few- days to soften the effects they know the Teheran meeting would have upon the German people and were seeking to prepare them for some declaration by the United Nations. 