 fPomen'* New» x ? , CHEQUES TO BE SENT TO MRS. CHURCHILL LADY WAKEHURST, at the Empire Day celebration in the Sydney Town Hall last night, receiving a cheque for £250 from MR. W. W. HILL, chairman of Tattersalls Club, to pay for a box for Dominion Servicemen at the Empire Day concert in the Albert Hall, London. The chairman of the A.J.C., Mr. George Main, presented a similar cheque. The gifts were in response to an appeal by Mrs. Churchill, president of the Y.W.C.A. War-time Fund in Britain, which will benefit from the proceeds of the London concert. TWO EMPIRE DAY CELEBRATIONS Sydney and London Under the patronage of her Majesty the Queen, an Empire Day Concert was held in london to-day at the Royal Albert Hall, in aid of the Y.W.C.A. Wartime Fund. For this concert each of the Dominions were ¡ asked to take boxes, for £ 250 each, to be used by troops serving in the United Kingdom. Mrs. Churchill, wife of Britain's Prime Minister, is president of the Y.W.C.A. Wartime Fund, and she sent a cable to Lady Gowrie, telling her of the plan. Learning of this the Australian Jockey Club and Tattersall^ Club in Sydney decided each to contribute £250, and at the Empire Day cele- bration in the Sj'dney Town Hall last night, at which the Governor, Lord Wakehurst, and Lady Wakehurst were cresent, the chairman of the A.J.C., Mr. George Main, and the chairman of Tattersalls Club, Mr. W. W. Hill, presented the respective cheques to Lady Wakehurst. "These cheques give us a tangible link with the concert in the Albert Hall to-night," said Lady Wakehurst, after she had received the cheques. "It is lovely to think that our boys from New South Wales are there with boys from the other Dominions and that similar celebrations are taking part in all the States." In the audience for the later part of the concert were Matron C. A. Fall and 21 nurses from the 113th Australian (Military) General Hospi- tal at Concord. They were late arriv- ing, because their transport broke down shortly after leaving the hos- pital. Matron Fall and some of the nurses managed to get emergency cars, but eight or nine of them were stranded until they were able to com- mandeer an Army truck, out of which they jumped in front of the Town Hall In the rain, just before nine o'clock, in time for the second half of the programme. 