 U.S.A. Troops 5 Miles into Germany LATEST CABLES AND TELEGRAMS. The "Macleay Argus" is a subscriber to the Australian Asso ciated Press, which provides the overseas news in this issue. BRITISH IN HOLLAND BIGGEST DAY'S SLAUGHTER IN 200-MILE ADVANCE FIGHTING IN LUXEMBURG LONDON, Monday. Forward elements of General Hodges' first US Army are now beyond the German border, while British troops have crossed the Dutch frontier and are fighting inside Holland. . A SHAEF message says that General Hodges' troops are re ported to be about five miles in side Germany ,and that the en try to Germany was preceded by an artillery bombardment. The , first German admission of fighting in Holland was made by the German newsagency commentator Sertorius, who said that fighting was occurring between Maestricht and the central Ardennes. The news- agency admitted that, owing to enormous pressure, the Germans were withdrawing to the east ern bank of the Alzette River and the western part of the city of Lux emburg was left to the Allies. Describing the struggle preceding the British Second Army's entry into Holland, Reuter's correspondent with General Dempsey's troops said: "The last 24 hours . has been the British troops' biggest and best, and more Germans were killed to-day and equipment destroyed than during the column's whole 200-mile advance to Brussels." On the first Canadian front it was announced that the Canadians yester day opened an all-out assault against Le Havre, and by this morning had won high ground north-east from the port. MAGINOT FORT TAKEN BY AMERICANS LONDON, Sunday. Attacking the Maginot Line fort, American forces this morning bat tled their way up steep slopes and blasted the Germans from their for ward trenches, then closing in, toss ing hand grenades through slits in the thick - stone walls. The Germans soon began to with draw, and the fort was in American hands- before mid-afternoon. Patrols immediately searched the underground passages for mines and booby traps. LUFTWAFFE'S BLACK DAY 130 PLANES DOWNED . LONDON', Monday. A SHAEF announcement says the Luftwaffe suffered its worst single day's losses in the defence; of Ger many, when 800 fighters escorting American heavy bombers over Ger many shot down 130 enemy fighters in heavy battles between Hanover and Liepzig. OIL PLANTS WRECKED LONDON, Monday. Over 1000 USA heavy bombers at noon to-day visually bombed oil plants at Mersburg, Lutzen, Misburg and other targets in central Germany. ON RIVIERA FRONT LONDON, Monday. It is officially . announced that French troops on the Riviera invasion front have captured Diogin, after a 24-hour battle, while Americans reached the outskirts of Vesol, 29 miles north of Besancon. NAZI LOSSES TOTAL OVER 2,000,000 LONDON, Sunday. The British United Press corres pondent at Allied headquarters says that the 'Germans have lost 1000 men an hour — a total of 2,000,000, since D Day, June 6. He added that the figures included Germans killed, wounded or taken prisoners on all fronts. NAZI COMMANDER KILLED LONDON, Sunday. Major General Heinriche, Com mander of the 89th German infan try division, has been killed while trying to rush a road block north from Liege, reporst Reuter's corres pondent at General Dempsey's head quarters. CORVETTE LOST OTTAWA, Monday. The loss while on invasion duties is reported of the Canadian corvette Alberni. Fifty-five ratings are miss ing. ' VICTORY CONFERENCE CHURCHILL, ROOSEVELT IN CANADA QUEBEC, Canada, Sunday. The British Prime Minister," 'Mr. Winston Churchill, has arrived here for a "Victory Conference" with Pre sident Roosevelt. Grinning delightedly behind a big cigar, Mr. Churchill alighted from a giant transport at an East Canadian port, and left for Quebec an hour later. The United Press says that the meeting will be the most decisive of all the Roosevelt-Churchill confer ences. At a Canadian port Mr. Churchill told the wlecoming crowd: "This is not the first time we have been here in this war. We have never been here (before when the skies were brighter. The march of the United Nations was never before more sure." STALIN'S APOLOGY CANNOT LEAVE HIS ARMIES QUEBEC, Monday. Mr. Roosevelt and Mr. Churchill have received a message from Mar shal Stalin that the Soviet arms are fighting battles on such a broad front and developing their offensives in creasingly, he, therefore, would be un able to leave the direction of the army , even for the shortest period. k YOUNG GIRL SHOT ANSWERED DOOR RING SYDNEY. Tuesday. During an alleged argument out side the front door of a residential at Bondi last night, Pholimena Rob inson. 22, formerly \ of Warren was shot in the pit of the stomach. She was admitted to hospital in a ser ious condition. After the girl had answered a ring at the door, other guests are reported to have heard her talking to a man. She was heard to refuse an invitation to go out, following which, it is alleged, two shots were fired. She staggered back into the lounge room and collapsed. Early this morning police arrested a man on a charge of shooting with intent to murder. Later. Robert Martin Duggin, 29 glass polisher was remanded without bail at Paddington Court to-day on a charge of having shot at Philomena Elizabeth Robertson, at Bondi last night, with intent to murder her. He was also charged with having car ried an unlicensed revolver. Detective-Sgt. Dymock said that Miss Robertson's condition is very serious. EXPLOSION ON LAUNCH SYDNEY, Tuesday. A terrific explosian, which tore a large hole in the side of the vessel, occurred on the launch Viking, as it was passing under Fyrmont bridge, Darling Harbor early this morning, with four men on board. As the launch caught fire, the owner of the launch, William Allard, of Five Dock, and his three companions, S. T. Wick- ham, Kevin Claxton and Gordon Chaucer, were compelled to jump overboard," and they were rescued suf fering from shock and immersion. VEGETABLE CROP 13,406 ACRES BELOW TARGET AIM CANBERRA, Tuesday. The Acting Federal Statistician, Mr. Carver, yesterday disclosed that 454,394 acres of vegetables — almost double the average of pre-war years — were grown during 1943-44 season, but the service requirements absorb ed the production of 347,615 acres, or 83 per cent. Mr Carver said the 1943- 44 area was 13,406 below the target of 467,800 acres. 