 The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, JUNE 8, 1946 VICTORY DAY IN LONDON To-day in London the whole Empire, and with it Britain's allies in the vic- torious struggle against the German bid for world dominion, will celebrate their triumph. The festival will not be limited to the nation's capital; it will be a day of demonstration throughout Britain in every city, town, and village. Despite privations of even more than war-time austerity still visited upon every family in the land, the bonfires of rejoicing will be lit from John o' Groats to Land's End. The event of the day in London will be the military pageant through the streets representing all the fighting and civilian defence services under the British Crown, the forces of virtually every Allied nation which took the field against the Axis, as well as the resistance movements which sus- tained the struggle throughout now- liberated Europe. Only Russia and her Balkan satellite Yugoslavia will be absent. It must be a matter for profound regret that the leaders of the war-wracked Russian people, whom all Germany's late enemies would have delighted to honour, have for some inscrutable reason left aside in silence the invitation to attend. There can be no question of Britain's privilege to act as host for the occasion, or of London's right to receive the parade of international jubilation and thanksgiving. It was Britain who headed the challenge to Hitler when his designs against European fieedom were no longer mistakable; and it was Britain who for two vital and momen- tous years after the weight ot German arms had crushed Norway, Holland, Belgium, and France in quick succes- sion, bore alone the heat and burden of the struggle while she rallied the free nations of the world to strike back with her. How much the final victory owed to the tremendous forces which Russia and the United States ulti- mately threw into the scales against the Axis combination none would wish to minimise. But that the war was not lost before their intervention was due supremely to the valour and sacrifice of the British people. "So long as the English tongue survives," wrote an American commentator at the time, "the word Dunkirk will be spoken with reverence. In such a hell as never blazed in earth before, at the end of a lost battle, the rags and blemishes that have hidden the soul of democracy fell away. There, beaten but unconquered, in shining splendour, she faced the enemy." Dunkirk lit in Britain a flame of devotion to the cause which no effort of German savagery could quench. For most of a year afterwards the utmost venom of Hitler's air-power was con- centrated against British cities, and, along with his submarine campaign, against all merchant shipping in the surrounding seas. The glory of the British people was not only that they bore this onslaught alone, save for help of the Dominions; what electrified the world was the spectacle, unparalleled in any other country, of the whole popu- lace rising as by a single impulse and cheering itself with the slogan that "we can take it." The spirit was such that every man and woman found some- thing uplifting in the very imminence of mortal danger. Their "V" sign became a token of defiance against the Nazi aggressors in every resurgent com- munity of Europe, and from the top of Norway to the bottom of Greece resistance groups were organised on the inspiration of the B.B.C.'s daily radio messages of encouragement, assistance, and assurance that a day of liberation would dawn. London will wear to-day with just pride the scars of her own grievous wounds suffered in the conflict. It is of a piece with Britain's example in war that she should make this gesture of sharing with all free peoples the honours of the victory which there are most fittingly celebrated. Nor is it diffi- cult to read in to-day's festival some- thing more than that. In the cause of Europe Mr. Churchill sealed with the late President Roosevelt the Atlantic Charter, and it must be Britain's mes- sage to all liberated peoples to strive on, against the disillusionments of the year that has intervened since the termination of hostilities, for the reward of security that can assuredly be won by persistent common effort. No intelligent man or woman could have expected that such a tidal wave of destruction as engulfed the world could leave in its wake anything but the ruins of what was, upon which the life and happiness we seek must be built atresh. By the spirit in which it addresses itself to the task of reconstruction will demo- cracy justify, no less than its fight against Hitlerism, its fitness to survive. 