 MR. CHIFLEY AWAY FOR 17 DAYS Flying To London On April 15 MR. HOLLOWAY TO BE DEPUTY SYDNEY, March 30. (Mr. Chifley announced today that he would leave Australia on April 15 to attend the conference of British Commonwealth Prime Ministers beginning in London six ? days later. It will be Mr. ChifleyV third 1 trip overseas as Prime Minister. He will return to Australia on May 2. Mr. Chiffey said he had decided to attend the con ference because of the importance of the discus sions to take place there. the Minister for Labor (Mr. Holloway), who is ranked third behind Mr. Chifley and Dr. Evatt in Cabinet seniority, will become Acting Prime Minister during Mr. Chifley's absence. Dr. Evatt is Deputy; {Prime Minister, but he will also be oat of Australia &lt;mj Commonwealth business' information, but Mr. Attlee re plied that be preferred to add nothing. 60 Parliament and the people are left guessing, and, as Mr. Attlee went out of his way to underline the fact that the meetings will be private, hot much may be disclosed during the conference. The nature ?f the constitu tional issue Is clear—lndia's future and how India's deci sions win affect the other members of the Common wealth. Never has a Commonwealth constitutional issue been so com plicated. It is already "recog nised here that fire's position is wholly illogical. Britain and the other self governing members of the Com monwealth are ready with con sequential frfffafatftm. but this legjslatlonjnay be challenged in the courts, -since Eire cannot be outside the Commonwealth and simultaneously not foreign. Some better formula is sought far India if she becomes a re public, but can the forthcom ing meeting devise such a for mula? The Australian Attor ney-General (Dr. Evatt). dur ing the last Prime Ministers' conference, produced some such bob, tout Jie 4nslrince publicly hrhile Mr. CJufley is abroad. jThe Minister, for Defence (Mr.! JDedman) will be Deputy Trea surer. Mr. Chlfley's official party for |the liOndon visit.will comprise jfour Government ameers. They tare the secretary of the Depart ment of External Affairs (Dr. "? W-Bnrton), the Aarf-s^'nt secretary to- the Treasury (Mr. Wheeler), the 'Prime pfixnster's private secretary (Mr. J. H-Garett) and press secre }ttry &lt;Mr. D. K. Bodgers). WtalO" Special Beprascntetfro ?r LONDON. March 30.—1n a few brief sentences, Mr. Attlee. Bnjhe House of Commons last sight, announced the momen tous Commonwealth Prime Sfflnisten' meeting to London on April 21. - Beyond repeating the state ment-issued when tiie Minister gorOotaHal Affairs &lt;Lord Lfe towel) and other British envoys gegan their imssion to toe Dominions, thai matters aris ing from the .-previous wnfttng fjmeld*e discussed, he One questioner sought more 1 Urgent Questions Ind i as constitutional position must be settled ?njcgently in view of critical ialernational questions -and ,tb£ necessity of knowing what part India; if she is going feolje a republic nught playin MWdle East andPacinc de fence and in relation to the spread of Communism. One illustration of the mag nitude and urgency of these questions is the fact that Mr. taUfley has agreed to come to lihnrian again so soon after the previous meeting and after de claring that he would come only If Mr. Attlee considered his pre sence necessary. It Is generally agreed that there fa much more in tab eanference than meets the Twice recently in important Parliamentary debates Mr. Manmflian (Con.), leading for the Opposition, has referred to anxieties about the rftnatjim m Greece and the fear that the tTiiwri?-nff might become more active in the Middle East Gov ernment spokesmen have never M?*jiigiHjmT this case' and there has been much speculation re garding such possibilities, which would closely concern India, Pakistan and Ceylon, aH of whose Prime Ministers are com ing to London. It is known that the British Government submitted a long Tirmrq-nnrii^fn to Washington some weeks ago about Commu nism hi 6ou£h-East Asia and developments as a result of the overrunning of China. The American state Department has now replied, and these ex changes of view win be avail able for the Prime Ministers' discussions. There is concern about Malaya, also about the possi bility that Communists might seek territorial acquisitions in Burma. All the South-Bast Asian countries, seeking to protect their own nationalism against Communist infiltration, seizure and creation ol police States, may have to strengthen their own police forces ?ih intelli gence services and take various .measures of self-help to pre vent demoralisation such as occurred in China despite vast outside international aid. The difficulties in the way of solving the constitutional prob lems are again being much discussed. poUUc&l cmie&pondent of the TJaily Telegraph" says that several expedients enab ling India to remain in the Commonwealth as a republic have been proposed far discus sion following the visits to Do minion capitals by Lord Ustowel the Parliamentary Under-Sec retary for Commonwealth Re lations (Mr. p. Gordon- Walker), the Permanent Secre tary for Commonwealth Rela tions (Sir Perehrale Uesching) and the Secretary to the Brl tish Cabinet (Or Norman Brook). ' Thejnost favored by the British Government was an arrangement whereby the King- would became King- of the Commonwealth as a whole, instead of being merely King of each constituent na tion. Those nations which elected to become republics would then nominate their presidents as his representatives for exter nal affairs, but this conception has not been acceptable to Eire, which becomes a republic on April 18, three days before the conference opens, and there are doubts whether it will be acceptable to India. Another proposal is that there should be full members of the Commonwealth acknow ledging the Crown and asso ciates who would be republics. This is open to many objec tions because it is difficult to see how such an association could be recognised without some form of treaty stating the condition of association. Dominion Objections - None of the statements made by the Indian Prime Minister (Mr. Nehru) is regarded as excluding the Possibility of India remain ing in the Commonwealth if a suitable structure can be de- Vised, but Pakistan and Ceylon greatly value tbe conception of equality between Common wealth nations. They might .consider major concessions to India as violating; that con cept. Emphasising tbat the work ing out of an appropriate rela tionship for India may be more difficult for some Domi nions than for Britain, The Times," .in a leader, says:—"lt Is vitally important to the -Commonwealth, and, indeed, to the world, tbat tbe Bap left if the Crown link is broken should be bridged. "Die Indian Ocean for Rene rations bas been an area of great stability because it bas Been encircled by a cham of nations—South Africa. Pakis tan, India, Ceylon, Malaya, Australia and New Zealand— which bave founded their poll- Itical aspirations on the same ideas of Parliamentary self government propagated from Westminster. "At a time when Asia's har mony is freshly threatened by Communism, keeping the r*?p&lt;" unbroken is of vital interest, not only to India and her neigh bors, but to an nations of the free world, even Canada, the United State*, and Western Europe." v Mr. Nehru tt.W the Indian Parliament yesterday that the general line ludia would pur sue at the Prime Ministers' con ference would necessarily con form with the policy he had re peatedly laid down, namely, that India should be a repub lic co-operating with the Com monwealth. 