 RAILWAY TO PORT DAEWIN. , I MELBOURNE TO LONDON IN 2) DAYS ' With the object of urging forward the construction of a > transcontinental railway - to Port Darwin, a branch avus recently" formed in'Melbourne of tlie Northern Aus tralian League. The league is at nru.i.: one of the most influential bodies in the Northern Territory, nnd the Melbourne branch is composed principally of men who liaA'e spent botli money iind time in pioneer work in the northern portion of the conti nent. A meeting ot the branch was held yesterday afternoon nt Scott's Hotel, Mr. J. S. Butters presiding. A letter avus read from Air. 0 It Minn, who for some years occupied tlie position of surveyor in tlie North ern Territory, in Avliich the writer expressed the firm conviction that tin land in tlie north of the continent only required to be opened up to give a rich re turn. From calculations he had made, lip believed that a transcontinental railway to Port Darwin Avould bring London within 23 days' journey of Melbourne. Tlie route Avould be to Port Darwin by rail, by steam er to Port Arthur and then bv tlie Trans- Asiatic railAvay to Paris. 'The Chairman, in tlie course of a few I. remarks, mentioned that there were now 350,009 head of cattle in tlie Northern Ter ritory, and that in a few months large freezing Avorks would be established ncni the V ictoria River. Mr. D. Little moved— 'Phii t tlie league interview tlie Russian consul to urge the desirability of a line of steamers iieini j run from Port, Arthur to Port Darwin, and tint a memorial lie sent to the Federal Government point- 1 ing out tho necessity for completing -tlie trans-' continental railway to Port Darwin viu Victoria, itiver. ' tne motion was seconded liv air. G. i M'Keddie, and after some discussion, car ried unanimously. The meeting also adopted a resolution urging the desirability ot establishing tele- I graphic communication between Port D.ar- Avin and Wyndham, a distance of about 400 miles. On the motion of Mr. .1. Brad- : I | shaw, seconded by Air.- G. M'Keddie, an- I other motion avus passed, expressing ap- I proval of a proposal to form the Northern Territory and tlie portion of Western Aus tralia north of latitude 24 into a separate State, J 