 RAILWAY TO PORT DARWIN. MELBOURNE TO LONDON IN 23 DAYS. —"Age.” With the Object of urging forward the construction of a transcontinental rail way to Port Darrwin, a branch was re cently formed in Mellbourne of the Nor- them Australian League. The league is at present one of the most influential bodies in the Northern Territory ,_ and the Melbourne branch is composed principally of men /who have spent both money and time in pioneer wort in the northern por tion of.the continent. A meeting of'the branch was held on Thursday at Scott's hotel, Mr J. S. Butters presiding. A letter was read from iMr G. R. Minn, who for some years occupied the position of surveyor in the Northern Territory, in which the writer expressed the conviction that the land'in the north of the conti nent only required to be opened up to give a rich return. From calculations he had made, he believed that a transcontinental railway to Port Darwin would bring Lon don within 23 days' journey of Melbourne. The route would be to Port Darwin by rail, by steamer to Port Arthur, and then by the Trans-Asi'atic railway to Paris. The Chairman, in the course of a few remarks, mentioned that there were now 350,000 head of . cattle in the Northern Territory, and in. a few months large freezing works, would be. established near •the Victoria River. Mr D. Little moved—" That the league interview .the: Russian consul to urge the desirability of a line of steamers being run from Port Arthur to Port Darwin, and that a memorial he sent to.the Federal Government pointing out the necessity for completing the transcontinental railway to Port Daiwin via-Victoria River.” The motion was. seconded by Mr G. MTfeddie, and after some discussion, car ried unanimously. - . The meeting also adopted a resolution urging .the of establishing telegraphic..communication between Port Darwin, and. Wyndham,; a distance of about 400 iniles. On the motion-of Mr J. Bradshaw, seconded by Mr G. MfKeddie, ■another motion was passed; expressing ap proval of a proposal to form.' the Northern Territory and the portion of Western Australia north of latitude 24 into a sepa rate state.; 