 RAILWAY TO PORT DARWIN. i MELBOURNE TO LONDON IN J 23 DATS. With the object of urging forward the construction of a transcontinental railway to tort Darwin, a branch was recent|y formed in Melbourne of the Northern Australian League. Tim league is at present one of the most influential bodies in the Northern Territory, and the Mel bourne branch is .composed principally of m'-n who have spent both money and time in pioneer work in the northern portion of the continent. A meeting of the branch was held on Thursday after noon at Scott's Hotel, Mr J. S. .Butters presiding. A letter was read from Air G. fi. Minn, who for some, years occupied the position of surveyor in the Northern Territory, in which the writer expressed the firm conviction that the land in the north, of the continent only requited to be opened up to give a rich return. From calculations he had made, he believed that a transcontinental railway to Port Darwin would bring London within 23 days' journey to Melbourne. The route would be to Port Darwin by rail, by steamer to Port Arthur anil then by the Trims-Asiatic railway to Paris. The chairman, in the course of a few remarks, tueutioued that there were now 350,000 uead of cattle in the Northern Territory, and that in a few months large freezing works would he established near the Victoria River. Mr D. Little moved— That the league interview the Russian a,sol to urge the desirability of a line of steamers being run froro Port Arthur to Port Darrvin, and that a memorial be sent to the Federal Government pointing out the necessity for completing ti-.e trans-conti nental railway to Port Darwin via Victoria River. The motion was seconded by Mr G. M'Keddie, and alter some discussion carried unanimously. Tile meeting also adopted a resolution urging the desirability of establishing telegraphic communication between Port Darwin and Wy milium, a distance of about 400 miles. On the motion of Air J. Bradsaaw, seconded hy Mr G. M'Keddie, another motion was passed, expressing approval of the proposal to form the Northern Territory and the portion of Western Australia, north of latitudo 24 into a separate State.— ' Age." 