 MESOPOTAMIA'S REVIVAL I New Market for Australia I FIFTEEN DAYS TO LONDON I ATA DARWIN AND BAGDAD That there Is an immediate mnrket | In Mesopotamia for many commodl- 1 ties which Australia can supply watt | tho opinion expressed today by Capt. | it.. L>, A. Bagot, of the Australian Wireless Squadron, who delivered the | midday commercial lecture at the | Wool Exchange. | It should bo oftly a matter of a few" I years, he said, before Australia, by I the completion of the Berlin-Bagdad | scheme of railway communicatliin, | was brought within 15 days of Lon- | don. It was then that a railway from | Darwin would prove useful, not only | In opening up the interior of Austin-' | lia but in furthering ovepseaa com- | mcrce. It had also to be remembered thai H Bagdad was on the main air rotw fl between the East and the West, whlth H meant that as soon as aerial naviga--H tion was established it would be pos-® slblo to send mails and passengers ta London In three days. , In 1912 exports' were valued at, £3,246,000. Imports exceeded exports by £268,000, the principal Items being, silk, cotton goods and sugar. France supplied stnail quantities . ot leather, silk goods," satins, gold brocades, brandy . and wines. Wood for date boxes came from Japan; timber from Russia, Sweden and Norway, candles from Holland. Captain Bagot considered that there ; was a good opening .for Australian wines, and that Australian boots should be able to compete against the high prices prevailing for leather and foot wear elsewhere. , There should also be E a large and growing market for Aus- | traltan metals. I The engineering aspect of the conn- 1 try was almost untouched, but that tha I Arab fully realised the value of ma- E chlnery was shown by1- his keen dc- E sire to possess it. The war had 1' brought great wealth into the coun- I try In hard cash. The British Go- 1 vernment had expended between £50,000,000 . and £60,000,000 on per manent Improvements. It was there fore not to be wondered at that the country was becoming the object of keenlcommercial competition and that' enterprising people were studying It as a market- to be captured'- tor their goods. For some time a large standing army must be maintained, while tho Euro pean population would continue to In crease, and the native inhabitants to cultivate tastes for , modern' western foods and clothes. American and Japanese agents were already In the field, but, what was Australia doing. Only a few firms, seeing their oppor tunity, were endeavoring to seize it. There was an immediate market, snid Captain Bagot, for agricultural Imple ments. wines, beers, biscuits, hoots, leather, thorough-bred stock, and metals. In return, Mesopotamia could suppls' Australia with dtes, gums, liquorice, furs, rugs, and amber. In order to obtain full advantage o' this trade an early start was essential, and all assistance ppsslble should lie iglven. Manufacturers should be given subsidies for exports, better shipping 'facilities should be granted, and. trade commissioners appointed to represent I Australia. By tho prowess of British jarms a new field had been opened for British trade, nnd tho - renaissance of Mesopotamia would be dated from the day the British army landed at Fao In 1914. 