 SMITH'S GREAT TRIUMPH AERIAL HOMER ARRIVES AT DARWIN LONDON TO AUSTRALIA IN 28 DAYS WONDERFUL PERFORMANCE OF VICKERS VIMY MACHINE.. Mr. Staniforth Smith (Acting Adminis- trator of the Northern Territory) received a wireless message from the cruiser Syd- ney that Captain Ross Smith passed over the vessel on Wednesday morning 180 miles north of Darwin. He was flying well. News has since arrived that the party landed safely at Darwin. The Prime Minister, recognising the great historical value of the Vickers-Vimy machine in which Captain Ross Smith completed his flight from England to Aus- tralia on Wednesday, is taking steps to secure it for the Commonwealth. Mr. Hughes sent the following telegram to Captain Ross Smith at Darwin, prior to his arrival there:— "Sincerely trust you will give the Government first opportunity off acquiring your machine for the Austra- lian war museum. It would be a lasting memorial of a great achievement." The Melbourne branch of the Returned Sailors and Soldiers' Imperial League on Wednesday dispatched the following tele- gram to Captain Ross Smith and his com- panions In their epoch-making flight across the world to greet them on their arrival at Darwin:—"The Federal executive of the Returned Sailors and Soldiers Imperial League of Australia, on behalf of 150,000 members welcomes you to Australia after your magnificent triumph. Your digger comrades feel that you have worthily up- held the traditions of the A.I.F, proving that there is no obstacle that cannot be overcome by the Aussies.-The State and sub-branches of the league will wel- tome you on your arrival at different towns. Hoping that your luck continues until your journey's end. Dyett, Federal president." Mr. Frank Tudor (leader of the Oppo- sition in the Federal Parliament) on Wed- nesday dispatched the following the following telegram to Captain Ross Smith, at Darwin, on be- half of the Australian Labor Party:—"I desire to heartily congratulate you and your companions on your wonderful achievement. I sincerely trust that not- withstanding your trying experiences you are all enjoying good health." 