 ACROSS THE WORLD ROSS SMITH'S HISTORIC FLIGHT Darwin Reached Yesterday LONDON TO AUSTRALIA IN 28 DAYS £10,000 PRIZE WON. DARWIN, Wednesday. The intense public interest which has been aroused by the cabled reports of the progress towards Aus tralia of Captain Ross Smith and his parly in the Vickers-Vimy aeroplane had a thrilling culmination this afternoon. - At 3.40 p.m. the great aeroplane, whose coming had been eagerly watched for by the residents, swept downward from the sky and made a spectacular land ing on the racecourse.. The weather was fine, and the scene presented as the gallant airmen came safely to earth was very picturesque. Practically the whole of the population of Darwin and the surrounding district were assembled to witness . the great event, and when Captain Ross Smith and his companions, his brother and two mechanics, had boen cordially welcomed by the Acting Administrator of the Northern- Territory (Mr. Staniforth Smith), the Mayor of Darwin (Mr. Robert Toupein) presented the fol lowing address of welcome on behalf of the citizens: — "Captain Robs Smith, D.F.C., and Lieutenant Keith Smith,— The citi zens of tlie Northern Territory of Australia are privileged «to be the first to welcome you valiant knights of tlie air, who have crossed the wide contin ents and oceans of the world, whose dauntlcas dour-age has conquered the last of the elements, and! made it the hand mmid of progress and civilisation. We are especially gratified to feel tbat tho victory has boen won by Aus tralians, who have been trained in many an aerial conflict in tho late war. This great contest over space, in which you have been so signally successful, has. placed the coping stone on the triumphal arch raised by ability and Australian valor on tlio great battle fields of tho world. It lias enfihrmed Australian chivalry and resource in the Pantheon of the nations, where tho , whole world wiE do homage to your unique exploit. "Signed on behalf of the residents of the Northern Territory: "STANIFORTH SMITH, Acting Administrator. "ROBERT TOUPETN,- Mayor of Darwin. "Northern Temtory of Australia, H>th December, 1919." 