 CAPT. ROSS SMITH TRIUMPHS ARRIVAL AT DARWIN MAGNIFICENT 28 DAYS' FLIGHT FROM LONDON TO AUSTRALIA PARTY OVERWHELMED WITH CONGRATULATIONS Captain Ross Smith, M.C. and two bars, D.F.C. and bar, and his intrepid party, won for themselves world fame by safely reaching Darwin at 3.40 p.m. on Wednes- day. The journey was, as his Excellency the Governor termed it when the news of its successful termination was conveyed to him by "The Advertiser," an "amazing and marvellous one," and it has put the coping stone on Australia's, and particu- larly South Australia's, heroic achieve- ments of the past five years. Not only has the whole of the metropolitan area and the State been stirred as it has rarely been by the magnificent accomplishment, but Australia has, metaphorically, taken off its hats to the gallant Adelaide boys who have braved so many unknown dan- gers to find a path across the continents of the world, and open the way for un- dreamed of development of the world's means of transport. The News Received. Two urgent telegrams conveyed the epoch-making news to "The Advertiser," and, as usual, it was rapidly disseminated broadcast. The first intimation reached "The Advertiser" Office at 4.4 p.m., and copies of "The Express" were selling on the streets with the news one minute later. A Delighted Mother. When Mrs. Alexander Smith, of Gilber- CAPTAIN ROSS SMITH. ton, was informed of the success of her sons by "The Advertiser" she was deeply moved. It was the first intimation she received, and she replied, "Oh, thank you; thank you." The tone in which the phrase was uttered was more expressive than the words convey. Obviously the brief intimation meant much to her. Con- gratulations innumerable were showered on the happy mother from that time until she retired for the night. Bells Rung. Immediatcly afterwards the news was transmitted to the Lord Mayor from "The Advertiser" office, and a merry peal was rung from the Town Hall bells in honor of the marvellous feat performed by the gallant young Adelaide aviators. Sub- sequently Walkerville Church bells were chiming. Walkerville is Captain Smith's home district. His feat was the main topic of conversation in the streets and city and suburbs for the remainder of the afternoon and evening. Closing Stages of the Journey. The stages of the journey since yester- day's report were notified by telegraph as follow:- Timor Left. Weltevreden, December 10. Captain Ross Smith left the Island of Timor (about half-way from Sourabaya) at 8.20 a.m. DARWIN REACHED Darwin, December 10. Captain Ross Smith arrived at Darwin at 3.40 o'clock this afternoon. He was heartily welcomed. The distance over the sea between the Island or Timor and Dar- win is approximately 400 miles. PICTURESQUE AND HISTORIC MOMENT. Darwin, December 10. The landing at Darwin was spectacular and was witnessed by a large crowd of people, who were exuberant to the highest degree in their enthusiasm. Hundreds of cable, wireless, and tele- graphic messages of congratulation on ac- complishing his great feat awaited Captain Ross Smith on his arrival, including one from the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes). The Administrator of the Territory re- ceived the following message:- "Request that you give the following message to Captain Smith from the captain and officers of the cruiser Sydney:— '"Many thanks for your kind message received lati- tude 10 deg. 57 min. S.; we offer our heartiest congratulations to you and your companions on winning the greatest race in the history of the world and on the skill, gallantry, and endurance you have all shown. We feel particularly proud that the first to fly from England to Australia is an Australian.' " The Administrator also received the following from Western Australia: "Kindly deliver this message, which we particularly wish you to give to the first aviator arriving at Darwin:— 'The north Western members of the Western Aus- tralian Parliament welcome you on your safe arrival on Australian soil. Your won- derful performance thrills us with admira- tion. We congratulate you as the first great air pilots of Australia, fulfilling the prophecy of Tennyson when he dipped into the future and saw the vision of the wonders that would be. By your achieve- ment the world is brought closer to us, realising visions for the community of joy and delight. (Signed) Sir Edward Wit- tenoom, Messrs. J. T. Holmes, S. W. Miles, P. Durack, R. H. Underwood, F. O. Tees- dale, E. H. Angelo.' " The mayor presented an address, on be- half of the citizens; signed by himself and the Adminstrator. CONGRATULATIONS. THE GOVERNOR PROUD: His Excellency the Governor when the news was conveyed to him by "The Ad- vertiser" said:- "It is magnificent! Cap- tain Ross Smith can never know how proud we all are of his wonderful and gal- lant achievement, for we cannot find words to express our feelings. I congratulate him and his party, and I congratulate South Australia upon the success of her gallant sons. It is a most extraordinary feat. By this South Australia has put the cap upon her already great war record. It seems to have been a monopoly of South Australians, this great work, it is a great pioneering feat to open up communication between the motherland and Australia by air, and one cannot foretell what it may lead to. Of course before any regular ser- vice can be maintained aerodromes will have to be provided, but the day should not be far distant when the journey will be done in a week instead of in the time Captain Smith has taken. No matter what may happen, in the future the honor will always be his of having pioneered the track, and I hope when he arrives he will get the great reception he so richly deserves. His is a performance which will stir the world, and certainly it is the greatest thing that has yet been done in the air. The prize was well won, but I doubt whether it will repay him for the purely financial expense he has been put to, for we understand that a machine such as his costs about £8,000. The Rolls Royce Company should give him the ma- chine I think. I am more proud than I can say that South Australia can produce such men. We shall all awai't with much anticipation his arrival in Adelaide: and we will accord him and his team a welcome worhy of the occasion." Sir Henry Gal- way dispatched the following telegram to the intrepid aviator:— "Please accept my warm congratulations on your magnificent feat. South Australia is very proud of her gallant sons." Appreciation by the Premier. The Premier (Hon. A. H. Peake) said on Wednesday evening:— "There will be a general feeling of satisfaction and plea- sure at the safe arrival of Captain Ross Smith and his brave companions on the shores of Australia after their long and perilous flight. Certainly the war accus- tomed us to great aerial exploits, and they contributed largely to the successful conduct of the war. Captain Butler's local exhibitions have familiarised us with another phase of aviation. Ross Smith's mammoth feat has demonstrated both pluck and endurance, and the application if those qualities may lead to marvellous developments in the navigation of the air. The great achievement just com- pleted by the captain and his crew is magnificent, and is one of which all Bri- tishers may well be proud, but especially the people of this State. Of Ross Smith it may well be said:— 'He was the first that ever burst into that silent sea.' He led the way by his adventurous voyage, blazing the track for others to follow." Mr. Peake sent the following telegram to meet Captain Ross Smith. at Darwin:— "On behalf of the Government and people of South Australia, I heartily congratu- late you and your party on your safe ar- rival at Darwin. Your fellow South Australians are proud of your brilliant achievement, and pleased at your suc- cess.They hope to have the honor of welcoming you to your native State." The Lord Mayor's Congratulations. The Lord Mayor (Mr. F. B. Moulden) said he, on behalf of the citizens of Ade- laide, congratulated the gallant aviator upon his wonderful achievement. "I think it is one of the finest advertise- ments Australia has had, because the feat appeals to the imagination. The fact that Captain Ross Smith and his brother are local men will ensure for them a mag- nificent welcome upon their arrival in Adelaide, and I am now in collaboration with the military authorities and the Aero Club officials with re- gard to the arrangements to be made for their home coming. As an example of courage and determina- tion, the flight by Captain Smith must rank with such expeditions as those of Shackle- ton to the South Pole, and the explorations in South Africa. Captain Smith has risked his life to prove to the world the magni- ficent progress made in aviation, and has set a hard task to novelists of the Jules Verne type to rack their imagination for something new in the future." A tele- gram of congratulation sent by the Lord Mayor on behalf of the citizens awaited Captain Ross Smith at Darwin. LANDING-PLACE IN ADELAIDE. MONTEFIORE HILL AND VICTORIA PARK UNSUITABLE. The question of where Captain Smith and his crew shall land when they reach South Australia is causing a good deal of thought. On being asked his opinion with regard to the pro- posal that Captain Ross Smith should land at Montefiore Hill or the Vic- toria Park Racecourse, Captain Harry But- ler told a representative of "The Adver- tiser" on Wednesday that both places were altogether unsuitable for so large a ma- chine as the Vickers-Vimy aeroplane. 'The machine," Captain Butler stated, "would carry about ten people, and it has a very long glide." Captain Butler said if the wind was from the east or west, Captain Ross Smith might have a chance of landing safely at Monte- fiore Hill, but if it was from the north or south, or if the day was calm, his chances would only be about one in 50. Captain Butler said it was a most serious matter, and the very gravest consideration should be given to it in every way. Both landing-places suggested were bad. They were surrounded by high trees, and the glide angle of the plane would be very great, owing to the great speed with which so large a machine would be travelling to keep itself up. It would travel for chains and chains before that mo- mentum was lost. The height of the trees round Montefiore, would not allow taking off of speed before reaching the landing-spot. Victoria Park Race- course would be equally as bad as Montefiore. He would suggest that the landing be made in any open space near the city, provided that the area was from 30 to 40 acres or more, but it must be open and there must be no ob- struction near it. There must be an ab- solutely clear approach. The average in- dividual did not take into consideration when he suggested such spots the fact that it was absolutely essential that the chosen place must he one where it would be per- fectly possible to keep the crowd of spec- tators back, and specially such a crowd as would assuredly assemble to witness the arrival of Captain Ross Smith. It would be a most deplorable thing if, after an avi- ator had surmounted all the difficulties of the journey he should go down at the last moment through having to land in a badly- chosen position. Since he had seen the notice in the papers on Wednesday morn- ing, he had had a very anxious time. He felt that should anything go wrong at the last moment he would be blamed, and also the South Australian branch of the Aero Club, for allowing such a thing to occur. He had the very greatest difficulty in landing from his biplane at the mayoral garden party a few days ago. There was so large a crowd round his machine that he waa afraid serious damage would re- sult. If that was possible, then what would the danger be likely to be on such an octasion as this. The matter was really serious, and must be given deep and thoughtful attention. Montefiore or Vic- toria Park should not be used on any ac- count. CONFERENCE TO-DAY. Last evening Captain Butler stated that he had arranged to meet Major Lawrence and Mr. R. O. C. Matthews (secretary of the Aero Club) this morning, and they would confer with the Lord Mayor on the matter of a landing place. "I have al- ready telegraphed offering him our grounds," said Captain Butler, '"but we shall prepare another ground so that he may have the choice." THE GALLANT SOUTH AUSTRALIANS YOUNG AND DARING. CAPTAIN ROSS SMITH AND HIS BROTHER.. Captain Ross Smith and Lieutenant Keith Smith have achieved a reputation in aeronautics which, though it will amount to world fame following the success- ful completion of their flight to Australia, would not be lost even it they had failed to complete the journey. The manner in which these two Adelaide boys — for in years they are little more than boys, though in achievements they are giants — have conducted their flight prove that they are not only equipped with a first-class machine, but are filled with the intrepid spirit which distinguished aviators in the war. Captain Ross Smith before he under- took the hazardous flight to Australia had won so many and such great distinctions that, even had he not endeavored to pioneer aviation to Australia, he would haye ranked amongst the world's foremost aviators. His full name is Ross Mcpher- son Smith, and he is the second son of Mr. Andrew Smith, of Stephen-terrace, Gilberton, manager of Mutooroo Station. He was born at the Semaphore in 1892, and celebrated his 27th birthday on December 4. His early years were spent at Mutooroo station. He was edu- cated first at Queen's School, North Ade- laide, where he had a fine record. He captained the school eleven, the whole of whom subsequently went to the war, five being killed. Subsequently he continued his schooling at Warriston, Scot- land. Both his father and mother were born in Scotland. After returning to Ade- laide he entered the warehouse of Geo. P. Harris, Scarfe & Co., to gain business ex- perience. He was much interested in ath- letics, and was a member of the Hardware Amateur Athletic Club. He won several cups in foot races, and was a member of the Glenferrie Football Club. He was LIEUTENANT KEITH SIHTH. only 22 when the war began, and he en- listed within a week of its declaration. The spirit which animated him to go in with the first volunteers kept him to the fore throughout the campaign. He went into a camp at Morphettville on August 19, 1914, as a trooper with the 3rd Light Horse, with which he left Australia on October 22 of the same year. He sailed from Egypt for Gallipoli on May 8, 1915, and after 4 1/2 months on the peninsula, was in- valided to England. He returned to Egypt in April, 1918, and was transferred to the machine-gun squadron attached to the 3rd Light Horse, and went through several battles, including Romani. In October of that year, having been promoted to a lieutenancy, he joined the Royal Flying Corps at Cairo, and soon gained his wings. Since then he has had a brilliant career, and has won the Military Cross and bar, and Distinguished Flying Cross with two bars. All his decorations were awarded for gallant feats as an aviator. The Military Cross was given him in April, 1917, for a wonderfully courageous rescue of a comrade in the Air Force, who had been compelled to bring his machine to earth near a Turkish camp. The record of his subsequent gallant exploits is given by the London "Gazette" in chronicling the decorations which came so fast upon one another. The official record of his exploit which won the bar to the Military Cross is as follows:—"He is one of two pilots who carried out a remarkable series of photo- graphs, in one flight completely covering an important area of 45 square miles. On a later occasion he successfully bombed an important bridgehead from a low altitude, and his work throughout, as well as his photography, has been invaluable and characterised by the most conspicuous gallantry." The Distinguished Flying Cross was won as follows:—"During the months of June and July (1918) these officers (Captain Ross Smith and Lieutenant Kirk) accounted for two enemy machines, and they have been conspicuous for gallantry and initiative in attacking ground targets frequently at very low altitudes. The keenness and fine example set by these officers cannot be over-estimated." The following is the official narrative of the first bar to the D.F.C.:- "During the operations prior to October, 1918, he took part in numerous engagements, involving flights of 150 to 200 miles, and succeeded in doing extensive damage to the enemy's hangars, railways, &c. Captain Smith dis- played most consistent gallantry and marked ability in all his work, whether bombing by night or day, or in personal encounters in the air. Whilst operating with the Sheriffian forces he destroyed one enemy machine and brought down two others out of control in the desert." The second bar to the Military Cross carried with it the following story:- "On the 19th of October (1918) this officer, with Lieutenant A. V. McCann as observer, en- gaged and drove down an enemy two-seater. As it appeared to land intact, he descended to a low altitude, and with machine gun fire forced the occupants to abandon the machine. He then landed alongside it, and while his observer covered the enemy officers he set light to their machine and completely destroyed it. To have effected a landing, in an unknown country many miles in the rear of the enemy's advanced troops demanded skill and cour- age of a very high order." The award to Captain Ross Smith of the Air Force Cross is recorded in the Lin- don "Gazette" of June 3, 1919. This gal- lant officer 12 months ago accompanied General Salmond on an aerial journey from Cairo to Egypt — a trip of 2,548 miles — in a machine that had previously flown from London to Cairo. He accompanied General A. E. Borton, C.M.G.. D.S.O.. when the aviation route to Australia was surveyed, but, though landing places were selected, they would not be of any use for this journey, as they require a good deal of preparation. Lieutenant Keith Smith. Lieutenant Keith McKenzie Smith, who is making the journey with his brother is the eldest son of Mr. Andrew Smith, and will complete his 29th year on December 20 next. His childhood was spent at Mutooroo, and like his brother he was edu- cated at Queen's School and Warriston, Scotland. He entered the office of Messrs Elder, Smith & Co., and was there until he left for the war. He tried hard to enlist in Adelaide, but was rejected three times for supposed minor defects. Determined to do some war service, he went to Eng- land, and in July, 1917, was accepted as a recruit for the Royal Flying Corps. He secured his commission in the R.F.C. at Christ Church, Oxford, and went thence to Cramlington, in the North of England. Here he made such good progress that he was sent to Gosport, where he received his second star. He was then posted as an instructor, and was doing that work when the armistice was signed. Lieutenant Colin McPherson Smith, the third and youngest son of Mr. Andrew Smith, made the supreme sacrifice in the war. He too was a native of South Aus- tralia. He was educated at St. Peter's Col- lege, and though when the war broke out he was only a boy, he enlisted early. In August, 1915, he went to Lemnos, but was invalided home. He recovered, and re- turned to England in June, 1916, and was killed In France in 1917. Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Smith's family is one of which Australia may well be proud. Sergeant Shiers. Sergeant Walter M. Shiers, one of the two mechanics accompanying Captain Ross Smith's party, resided in Broken Hill a number of years prior to enlisting. When 15 he came to Broken Hill. His mother was dead. His father was a plasterer in Adelaide. His brother worked at the North mine, and he himself applied for employment at the same place, where he waa given a start. He joined the Barrier Boys' Brigade, and was a member for several years, excelling in all branches of work carried out at the institution. A letter received by his friends a little while ago stated that he won much commenda- tion while with the A.I.F., and he attri- buted the credit principally to his training in the Boys' Brigade. Sergeant Shiers has always been interested in electricity and flying, and about two years ago had his first flight. He has since been engaged on aeroplane work. He and Ralph Seignitz, another brigade boy, were great friends, and similarly interested in electrical studies. Seignitz was believed to have joined as mechanic with another flight competitor, but as far as his relatives here know he is in London studying for a university examination, and is not expected to reach home till June next. THE GREAT FLIGHT INCIDENTS OF THE VOYAGE (From our Special Representative.) Darwin, December 10. Flying high and strong, the Vickers Vimy aeroplane manned by Captain Ross Smith and his companions crossed the coast of Australia at twenty minutes past 3 o'clock this afternoon. Less than half an hour later it had landed on Australian soil, at the Fannie Bay aerodrome, and the flight from London to Australia, the longest in the history of the world, was over. The aviators have still to cross a continent, but that is a minor matter after crossing parts of three continents and two oceans. The actual flying time from London to Darwin was 124 hours, and the average speed about 85 miles an hour. Darwin, which justified its title as the front door of Australia on this occasion, was on the tiptoe of expectation all day. The first actual news that the aviators had begun the last stage of' their journey was given by a wireless message from Koe- pang, in Timor, stating that the aviators had spont the night in Timor and were then leaving for Darwin. At 1 o'clock the Sydney sighted the machine 180 miles from Darwin and flying strongly. As soon as the news got round crowds went out to the landing ground, where everything was in readiness. The first to sight the aeroplane was an employe at Vesty's, who modestly refused to give his name. The pilot took for his landmark the lighthouse at Point Charles, sixteen miles from Darwin, and those on board sighted it when forty miles away, flying at 6,000 ft. The gigantic aeroplane came straight for the aerodrome, gradu- ally coming down to about 2,000 ft. The white guiding mark in the centre was picked out nearly twenty miles away. The landing was perfect. The machine flew straight over the ground, with one of the pilots waving his hand to the crowd below, and then circled and swooped down like a settling bird. A short run and the long journey was finished and the Common- wealth prize of £10,000 won. Shoulder High. Before Captain Ross Smith, a neat, clean-shaven man, with his uniform spick and span, was allowed to leave the machine and shake hands with Lieutenant Fyshe, who welcomed him to Australia on behalf of the Defence Department, he had to be examined by the quarantine officer (Dr. Harris). He and his three companions— his brother, Lieutenant Keith Smith, and the two mechanics, Sergeants Bennett and Shiers — passed with honors. After a brief welcome by the mayor and the Administrator, they were all carried shoulder high to the residence of the Governor of the Gaol (Captain Dempsey), who said: —"If I could have reached you I would have asked you what you would like to eat and drink when you first touched Aus- tralia, if it had cost my last shilling." Captain Ross Smith replied that there could be nothing better than the home- made cakes and liquid refreshmens pro- vided, except the warmth of the welcome given to them by their fellow-Australians. Their success was mainly due to the me- chanics, Sergeants Bennett and Shiers, who had worked tremendously hard. The Customs Barrier. The quarantine examination was not the only offcial barrier that the aviators had to pass. Mr. Geraghty (the Customs officer at Darwin) sought to see that all was in order. Captain Ross Smith replied that the machine had been exammed by the Customs officers in London and passed, and that there had been no request for examination made by the Customs at any of their stopping-places. "It ¡s a washout," he said. "We have nothing on board but spare pants, a little oil and petrol, pyjamas, and a few clothes, and a tin of bully beef stowed away somewhere," added lieuten- ant Keith Smith. "I will give you my as- surance that there is nothing dutiable on board," said Captain Ross Smith. Eventu- ally the aviators were given a list of duti- able articles, and it was decided that next day they should look through it and see that everything was in order. The Voyage to Australia. The machine, which is a 360 horse-power Vickers-Vimy of the type used in the flight across the Atlantic, left London on No- vember 12. It flew by way of Italy, Egypt, India, and Burmah to Bangkok, in Siam, then to Singapore. From Singapore the route ran through Java, touching at Soura- baya, to Anatopo, in Timor. The last stopping-place is 500 miles from Darwin, and the aeroplane left shortly after 8.30 this monning, making the flight in about seven hours. A good deal of bad weather was encountered on the way. Early in the flight the machine had to land at Pisa, in Italy, on ground covered by about 18 in. of water. Passing M. Poulet. At Akyab, in Burma, the Vickers-Vimy overtook M. Poulet, who was flying what one of the aviaiors described as "a rotten old bus." They left about the same time as M. Poulet next morning, but beat him by an hour. M. Poulet took this like a good sport, and the next day both ma- chines got under way for Bangkok. A storm which was encountered seemed to be too much for M. Poulet, and they saw him no more. The Vickers-Vimy had its worst time at Sourabaya, in Java. It landed on some reclaimed ground and was nearly bogged, going right down on one side till one wing was nearly in the mud. Next morning it threatened to stick fast, but about 200 coolies set to work and covered an area 300 yards long with bamboos and matting. This enabled the machine to get a run and rise. The aeroplane was flying very light during the last part of the voyage. At Singapore the aviators jettisoned a photographic out- fit, and everything else that could be spared. No Wireless. "Not on your life," said Lieutenant Ross Smith, when asked if he had a wireless outfit. "It would weigh 150 pounds, and would not be worth it unless we had the means of giving an absolutely accurate position. What would be the use of send- ing an S.O.S. call and wasting people's time looking for us?" One of the avia- tors expressed the opinion that the disas- ter which overtook Ross and Douglas was due to having the machine overloaded. The aviators paid a tribute to the remark- able kindness and hospitality shown to them by the Dutch residents of the places stopped at in the Netherlands Indies. "No one treated us like the Hollanders," said one of the mechanics, "they will do me. Nothing that they could do for us was left undone. They fed us well and looked after us in every way." With the exception of a few reserves, such as the tin of bully beef, the aviators carried no food. They depended on securing it at the stop- ping-places: The weather in the Nether- lands-Indies was very hot and close, ex- cept when they were actually flying, and well above the earth, and with occasional heavy storms. One of the mechanics summed up his views of the journey as a whole by saying that he would not do it again for £100,000. He said:— "The engines went well, but, of course, we had to work practically every night at one thing or another. However, it's all right now. One of the last things the aviators heard in London made them feel a little uncertain about what they would find at Darwin. The newsboys were calling out, "Revolu- tion in Australia," and selling by thousands newspapers giving at highly-colored account of the trouble in the Territory. Aviators' Future Movements. Captain Ross Smith will stay two days in Darwin, so that his engines may be over- hauled. On Saturday he will leave for the south. The first stage will probably be to Cloncurry, where Lieutenant McGuinness is in charge of a supply depot. If neces- sary, however, he can land at Newcastle Waters. On the way from Cloncurry the aviators will follow the route mapped out by the Defence Department. Possibly the flight will not end at Melbourne. Reply- ing to some fellow South Australians, Cap- tain Ross Smith said he would certainly fly on to his native city of Adelaide. Dur- ing their stay In Darwin the aviators will be the guests of the Administrator at the residency. Southern Flier a Day Late. The first aviators to reach Australia from overseas and the first airmen to fly across Australia were within an ace of reaching Darwin on the same day. Captain Wrigley left Newcastle Waters for Darwin this morning. He landed on the new ground at the Katherine about 2 o'clock, but met with ????? mishap in landing. It prevented him from flying the remaining 200 miles to-day, but he hopes to reach Darwin to-morrow. Considering that his machine is far from being of the latest type, Captain Wrigley is putting up a fine performance. The overseas aviators were entertained at dinner at the Victoria. Hotel to-night by residents and visitors. The Royal Com- missioner, Mr. Justice Ewing, presided, and proposed the toast of the aviators. Referring to their visit to Java, he said he was surprised, after what he had been told of Java and its pleasures, that they got out of it under a month. Captain Ross Smith, in responding, said 'It is very gratifying to know that we are the first to do this journey, principally because we are Australians. We have just been going on from day to day. Two months ago we were working out our plans in London. We had then no arrange- ments as rerards petrol and other things, especially in the stretch between India and Australia, but we had a machine from the Vickers' works, and with the Vickers' influence behind us we got supplies out much more quickly than might otherwise have been the case. The greatest assist- ance had been given to us everywhere, and nowhere have we had such a welcome as at Darwin. (Cheers.) On behalf of myself and my companions I thank you most heartily.' (Cheers.) Lieutenant Keith Smith, asked,to ex- plain how they got out of Java, said- We got out of Java on bamboo matting. We reached Sourabaya at noon. We spent seven hours digging out the aeroplane, and three hours eating our dinner, and then got up at 6 in the morning. We spent five more hours in digging out the aeroplane. That is how we left Java. The Administrator proposed the toast of "Darwin and its Citizens." He said nearly fifty vears ago the cable was brought to Darwin. This first brought Australia into touch by cable with the outside world. That day if had been the landing place of the Australian aviators, whose skill and daring had forged a new link between Australia and the outer world. The Mayor said their guests had made Darwin the front door, not the back door, of Australia, and he looked forward to I seeing Darwin the last port of call and entry for a speedy mail and passenger ser- vice by air between the cities of the south and Europe, Asia, and America. At the close of the banquet a lady kissed all the aviators. Frightened Natives. One of the most trying features of the voyage was the fear which the aeroplane inspired in the natives of the more out of the way countries passed over. In Timor, for instance, the natives were seen hiding behind trees or throwing themselves flat on the ground in fear of the monster. The same was the case in Siam, Burmah, and parts of Syria. Nowhere did the natives show any hostility to the airmen, not even in the places formerly part of the Turkish Empire. From Crete the airmen flew to Helipolis and then to Damascus, on to Ramadi, fifty miles north of Bagdad. Bussorah was the next stop. The longest time during which the ma- chine flew continuously was 9 hours, and this was from Karachi to Delhi. There the airmen were obliged to take a round about route to avoid the great desert of north-western India. They had been concerned that the very fine dust rising from the desert might otherwise injure their en gines. Difficulties of the Flight. One' of the airmen, who was emphatic about the fact that he would not like to make the flight again, exclaimed that much trouble was caused by having only one machine throughout. Passing through so many different climates, with such great variations of heat and cold, caused stresses and strains and very heavy labor in ad- justments. Stays and parts expanded or contracted and had to be altered. "The mechanics worked till well into the night, and 4 o'clock was their usual time for rising," he said. "You had to get up then for the natives who had been told to call you never ceased knocking till you did. At Timor, for instance, I thought we had struck an earthquake, but it was only a big Malay banging at the door." Much of the success of the voyage was probably due to the fact that Captain Ross Smith and his companions had already surveyed the most difficult part of the route-that through the islands between Australia and India. (Continued on Page 8.) CAPTAIN ROSS-SMITH TRIUMPHS (Continued from Page 7.) Commercial Possibilities. One of the aviators expressed the view that with the route properly mapped out and with regular landing grounds and sup ply stations, there is a strong prospect of the route being developed for commercial purposes in the near future. The line would, of course, be worked by relays of machines, each doing a certain stage. He understood that the Vickers people had the matter in mind. How The World Looks From an Aeroplane. "Australia looks the best country we have seen on the flight, to us, anyway, said one of the arrivals. "Anyone can have the gorgeous East as seen from an aeroplane. What we saw of Java was mostly swamps and rice fields, and Timor as a wild country. About Syria and Mesopotamia the less said the better. The boys told us the oranges were ripe in Palestine, but we did not see them. We were mughty glad to see first the Sydney and tuen the Australian coast rising away ahead." Captain Ross Smith expects to reach Melbourne in about four days after leaving Darwin. It is not likely that he will touch at Sydney on the way south. THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME. Darwin December 19. The following is a copy of the address of welcome read by the Mayor to Captain Ross Smith and Lieutenant Keith Smith:- "The citizens of the Northern Territory of Australia are privileged to be the first to welcome you, valiant knights of the air, who have crossed the wide continents and oceans of the world, whose dauntless courage has conquered the last of the ele- ments, and made it the handmaid of pro- gress and civilisation. We are especially gratified to feel that the victory has been won by Australians who have been trained in many an aerial conflict in the late war. This great contest over space in which you have been so signally successful has placed the coping stone on the triumphal arch raised by Australian valor on the great battlefield of the world, has enshrined Aus- tralian chivalry and resource in the pan- theos of the nations, where the whole world will do homage to your unique exploit." GOVERNMENT WANT THE AERO- PLANE. Melbourne, December 10. The Prime Minister has sent the follow ing telegram to Captain Ross Smith:- "I sincerely trust you will give the Govern- ment the first opportunity of acquiring your machine for the Australian war museum, it would be a lasting memorial of a great achievement." Captain Wrigley, who is flying from Mel- bourne and Darwin, and was delayed for some time at Cloncurry, was expected to reach the Katherine to-day. He will pro- bably push on to Darwin without delay to meet Captain Ross Smith. His experiences on the overland route will prove valuable to the Vickers-Vimy party, and his reports on the south to north flight will be avail- able for their guidance. It is regarded as practically certain that Captain Ross Smith will decide on the route which has been mapped out by the Defence Department. Depots have been established at Cloncurry and Charleville, in Queensland, and Narro- mine, in New South Wales, and the party will be able to secure petrol and oil at these bases. It is pointed out, however, that there is nothing to prevent the airmen front making calls at Brisbane and Sydney and again picking up the route on the journey southward. They have charge of their own arrangements. Congratulatory messages have been for- warded to Captain Ross Smith and his party by Mr. Tudor (leader of the Federal Opposition), the president of the Federal executive of the Returned Sailors' and Sol- diers' Imperial League, and from former members of No. 1 Squadron of the Austra- lian Flying Corps, with which Captain Ross Smith served in Palestine. CAPTAIN WRIGLEY'S WELCOME. Mr. W. J. Letcher on Wednesday morn- ing received the following telegram from Daly Waters, dated December 10:- "Cap- tain Wrigley passed en route, Katherine, 1215, flying steadily." Captain Wrigley is going to Darwin to meet Captain Ross Smith. THE REST OF THE JOURNEY ROUTE LEFT TO CAPTAIN ROSS SMITH Melbourne, December 10. The intimation that Captain Ross Smith had arrived at Darwin was naturally re- ceived with much elation in military circles. Major-Genenal J. E. Legge, who is in charge of military aviation in the Commonwealth, and who has organised the preparations for the survey of the route from Darwin to Melbourne, in refer- ring to Captain Smith's wonderful achieve- ment, said not only had the doubters been silenced, but the necessity for preparing landing places had been fully demonstra- ted. In his opinion future flights would not occupy 30 days. With proper organi- sation it would easily be possible to ac- complish the journey from England in 15 days. Relief pilots, however, would have to be provided, for the strain on one man would be too great. Eventually, with the route adequately supplied with aerial light- houses, there should be no difficulty in covering the distance in five days and five nights. In order that that may be accom- plished, complete relay machines would need to be available to obviate delay in overhauling engines. Major-General Legge also stated that Captain Smith was in no way under the control of the military authorities. The aviator could please himself regarding the route he took across Australia, and his wishes regarding landing arrangements and public receptions would be respected. At each-depot on the journey down from Dar- win he would be supplied with maps of the remaining stages of the route, and would be given ample supplies of petrol and other necessary commodities. Until Captain Smith had apprised the authorities of his wishes no official announcement re- garding the reception in Melbourne would be made. The aerial route from Darwin via Cloncurry, Bourke, and Cootamundra to Melbourne has been thoroughly inspec- ted and reported on by flying officers sent from the Defence Department. Generally speaking, the country is exceptionally good for flying from Darwin. OTHER AVIATORS' EFFORTS. CAPTAIN WILKINS IN TROUBLE. CAPTAIN HOWELL'S PROGRESS. LONDON, December 9. The Blackburm Kangaroo aeroplane, with Captain Wilkins as pilot, left Taranto for Suda Bay on Thursday, December 5. The aviator met with engine trouble off the Island of Crete on December 8, and he returned to Suda Bay in safety, after hav- ing left that port. Captain Howell, in a Martynside aero- plane, arrived at Taranto (Italy) on De- cember 8, and he will leave for Suda Bay (Crete) to-day. He left London on Thurs- day morning. MISHAP TO THE KANGAROO. LONDON, December 9. The Kangaroo aeroplane left Suda Bay yesterday for Egypt. When 40 miles out the main return oil pipe of the port en- gine broke, necessitating her return to Suda Bay. This was successfully accom- plished on the starboard engine, notwith- standing the strain of the previous 627 miles' flight from Taranto to Suda Bay. POULETS BAD LUCK. ALLAHABAD, December 10. After setting out for Bangkok at 9 o'clock on Tuesday Poulet got into a fog as he was crossing the Siamese hills and broke the blade of his propeller. After being detained for four hours he returned to Moulmein, where he expects to remain for four days. Everywhere he is being feted in Burmah. 