 BLAZING THE TRAIL London to Darwin EIGHT DAYS SERVICE -? The enthusiastic -welcome -which the people of Adelaide are sure to accord Mr. Cobham when he arrives in Adelaide on Sunday afternoon will be a tribute of admiration of the -world's most skilful and intrepid air pilot. The flight from Europe to Australia has been accomplished before under conditions that called for the utmost skill, resource, and courage. Mr. Cobham, however, achieved undying fame in the annals of aviation before he attempted, the long-distance, flight from London, to Australia. He had previously flown from London to India and back; from. London to Capetown and back, and had won various prizes in aviation' races in England. Therefore the welcome given to him. in Australia is to a large extent ah expression of popular delight at seeing $ie world's greatest airman carry to a successful conclusion the first half of a great flight from London to Australia and back; : . . There can be no doubt that the -flights from England to Australia since Sir Ros6 and Sir Keith Smith blazed the trail in 1919 have brought appreciably nearer the establishment of a. regular- air service be tween England and Australia via India. The first-stage in such a service ie already in existence, s^egular communication be-' tween Londonxand Bagdad beine carried out by the Royal Air Force. The next stage,, it is expected, will be carried out from Bagdad to Karachi, in India, in 1927, as the British Government has arranged with Imperial Airways, Limited, the chief civil aviation company in Great Britain,) to carry on a. weekly service from Lon don to India, and to take over the Royal Air Force service from London to Bagdad. The next stage will be from Karachi tp Singapore, aud after that tbere will be little delay in linking up Singapore to Port Darwin. Aviation experts have expressed the view that in a few years' time there wjll be an Imperial Air Service in existence, bringing Australia within, eight days' travel of England. 