 LONDON TO DARWIN i 16 DAYS . i . «. » MUX'S FINE FEAT. im asmm m Aiisimu. DIM A, February £2. liinsier reports : "I arrived at Bima tills afternoon. I am now among hundreds of Bimanese cool lbs. ffidl a ito'otft c'njoyable run to* J day among the Islands, which looked like huge stepping atoneB. Alter I landing there were further heavy tropical rains. Round Bims Bay there Is a great rice growing district and I had time to see how this bus* Iness was -carried on." . DARWIN, February 22. Hinkler arrived at 6.66 p.m. Beet Hinkler landed at Darwin .At 6.66 this afternoon. He climbed 6ut of his machine, and smilingly remarked to hlB friends, "You caught me bending." The crowd had bBen waiting since 1.80, and many had gone home. Fears of disaster were entertained by the waiting crowd, bo a cry of "Here he cozftes" caused Intense excitement. , tlinkler appeared from the North East, and made a perfect landing ifi five njimttes. Only the abnormal dry season made tho landing pofl siblc. The Government Resident (Colonel TVadell) welcomed Jllhkler to Australia, and the crowd cheered. Tho Mayor of D&fwJn ' t&if. D. C. Watts) and other prominent resi dents added their cosgratnlatioss. Mr. James Young (PreBldent of th» local branch ©t the (R.S.t>.I.L.A.) ex tended a welcome al the request ot hefldqtiartfera.- v Hinkler left Bima-at 6.66 h.ih., Darwin time/ mobbing 10| hours in the air tor nearly 3000 miles. * 'After a bath ahd dinner, the airman waB Interviewed. He said he was getting sleepy, but fas ai fit at a fiiddle. ' He Uould liava reached Sydney with hit fuel supfrty, a^d bnly had daylight6 td consider. Grossing. North Africa he rested at, night. Arabs approached hfcd li'o gave thorn cigarettes, end the Arabs polled up grass to oloar the ground.) Lloyd's Insurance was jnerely mado to interest lito publlfc Stt *W!l gVia* 11ofl-.' Ue tried to get financial,a*' slstance, hot the people _ .thongbr flights wore overdone BO ne anggest od doing the Journey in less than 2S days. V"' Add Jtorwin .. ....aab,qu« Hinkler did pot denote tfcjl route h* will follow, but |t will probably be the Qantog route, Oamboyeal, Tjongrencb nnd then Btindaberg. At a formal civil welcome at theT®Wfl (tall, Iho Government Resident rend 0 congratulatory telegram ." from the Governor-General. OoiiBdUor Afarchant read a telegram from Mr. Bruce, also a telegram from the Alf Board, and o wireless from the Oommodore and men 0{ tfeo.warslilp Melbourne. Hinkler briefly resiled, and thanked everybody tot hint cbrdfa! welcome. At Bund&berg Jio. hoped to write the full slory ot lh« . tflp. , Later,.-at the soldiers' Hall, Hlnfc.] Ifer's hfealth was toasted. ,! MiEtLBOURNR, February 28, Hinkler wired from i>arwln:. -r; "Australia ot last. 1 landed at Dar-; win after 6 o'clock after flying ovef j the sea practically the Whole WSJ' from Bima. I found it..inconvenient to put up 1n a native hat at Bltt* j 1 waB bitten continuously by m&fr quJtoes, and could not sleep. l st>$. out at-four, ready to start tor Dar*] win. H was a tricky cliihb, 6 | full load, out of the mount&tna,! Then for the open spaces. I passed; over Kutang nbout 10.80, then mora monotous ^ea from Tiiflor tor abont five hours, when X had my flrrt tight of Australia. It caused jjreat joy in tho cockpit." A further. measagte tro.m HinMe? states both himself and his m&chtn« are In -excellent condition. He had * good trip from the' Jutnplng «tf place this morning, with the escep* tlon of a little trouble experienced in the region of the Bima mountains* The weather experienced over the section \fras reported good. HtQkler sighted the Australian cbast at 6.&lt;o, and made a perfect landing at 6.53 p.m.,' and was on thuslastlcally greeted by a huge crowd. The average apfcfed was S>2 miles. Tho airman lenvee Darwin efcrly to-morrow morning. 