 ENGLAND TO DARWIN Flying Time Under Six Days LONDON, Feb. 27. Inanswer to a question in the House lof Commons to-day, the Secretary of State for War (Sir Samuel floare) said --" cannot at present add much to the information given by the press regarding 1-linkler's outstanding achieve anent, which I am glad to see has been given the prominence it undoubtedly deserves." Sir Samuel detailed the records that iltinkler had broken, and said that Itinkler's total flying time was 122 hours. Therefore if the flight had beeh continuous day and night it Would have ocoapied only five days 14 hours. Taking the whole time epent on the flight, including night and day halts, the distance worked out at 30 miler per hour.' Taking the time of actual flying, the speed averaged li miles per hour. The fact that 12,000 miles -had been covered without repair to the machine was a striking testi mony to the reliability of the machine and of the engine. "One of the most striking features of the flight," said Sir Samuel, "is that the machine used, a standard Avro Avian with a Cirrus engine, hadl bcon in use since 1920. The only alteration io it before the flight was the incor poration of extra tankage. A machine of this type, complete apart from extra tanks, costs, £730, and approximately (Ilinkler's consumption of petrol and oil cost only £50. These figures were a striking indication of the great poten tialities of aircraft 'for communications in the vast stretches of the Empire over which other means of communt cation in either non-existent or relative ly has not been developed." SYDNEY PREPARING SYDNEY, Tuesday -As soon as the date of the arrival of ilinkler in Sydney is announced ar rangements will be made to accord him a reception at the Town Hall. The Chief Commissioner (Mr. E. F Fleming) to-day despatched the follow ing telegram to Hinkler at Bundaberg: -"Congratulations on your wonderful achievement and safe arrival home. On behalf of the citizens of Sydney, I cor. dially invite you to accept a civic ro ception at the Town IIall on your ar rival in Sydney." 