 BEAT WIRELESS Lancaster's Koepang-Darwin Stage FLYING IN CLOUDS % It * 'Red Rose' Took 32 Days Flying Time From London DARWIN, Tuesday. Yesterday Captain' Lancaster, before leaving Koepang, sent a wireless message to the Mayor of Darwin, but he arrived before the message. He' revealed that if the machine had fallen into the sea, it would have floated only half an hour. No life-saving ap paratus was carried. CAPTAIN LANCASTER'S 'PLANE, 'KED ROSE' HEAVY rain yesterday flooded sec* tions of Fanny Bay aerodrome, but the 'Red Rose' was snug and cosy. To-day Captain Lancaster and Mrs. Miller, a tiny, smiling woman, with smartly shingled hair, whose spare clothes could fit into a small lolly bag, are tending the engine. Mrs. Miller has charmed evcryono with her bright, cheery nature. Surely never a woman travelled so lightly with luggage. You couid put all her spare clothes, consisting of a pair of shorts, a spare shirt, and clean socks, size two. In a small lolly uug. Captain Lancaster, laie yesterduy, showed signs that he hud lelt the strain of tlie day's heavy ilight from Timor. As soon as he had despatched cables and press messages, and with Mrs. Miller had had refreshment, he went straight back to the aerodrome, where the 'plane was fastened down ana cov ered Svlth tarpaulins. When word was received in Darwin that the 'plane was Sighted, the road to Fannie Bay bacem a speedway* All classes of venicles cume out to greet the travellers. The Mayor (Al derman Watts) was an early arrival, and welcomed ' them briefly. The last stage of tho air flight took seven hours. They flow through heavy rains,- tho visibility was nil; and they did not sight land until they were 10 miles from Darwin. The average height at which they flew was a thousand feet. They landed perfectly al Fanny Bay aero drome. ... 'For a considerable distance we dia not Bee the sea. We weye flying in clouds two or three hundred feet from the sea level after leaving the Atamboya lunding ground.' satd Cap tain Lancaster to-day. 'Wo had to climb to five thousand feet to get over very rugged mountains, Tho bleak looking landing ground at Atamboya was shrouded in a white mist, and we had to wait until this cleared. 'The 'plane lifted with only six feet to spare. Wo have come from Singapore in five days, the total of flying days from London being 32. 'Tho engine and machine behaved perfectly, which is a magnificent achievement for a British production. 'We had no breakfast and no re freshment coming along tho last lap. Our first meal was a snack at the Mayor's rcsldcnco a few minutes after we landed in Darwin. 'During the flight Mrs. Miller be came almost a skilled mechanic, tak ing a very active part in all work on the ground,' added Captain Lancaster. 'Sho was not worried about the sea crossing, and was fully confident that we would reach Australia safely. ' It is eleven months since Mrs. Mll ier was In Australia, and she is de lighted to be back. I 