 HINKLER AT CALCUTTA. Long Stages Across India. 1,500 Miles in Two Days. ALLAHABAD, February 15. Bert Hinkler, the Australian airmail, who is engaged on a sensational dash from England to. Australia in a single-seater 'nlane. landed at Cawnnore this evening from Karachi, without reaching Allahabad as he had intended. He proposes to fly direct to Calcutta to-morrow. THE BUMPIEST TRIP. CAWNPORE, February 15. In his message to the Australian Press Association, Mr. Hinkler stated: — 'After the bumpiest trip of the flight so far, I landed on the military parade ground at Cawnpore' this .afternoon. A rough wind from 'off -the: hills' knocked me about all over the place; otherwise, conditions were really' good.'/- Cawiipore is about 900 miles from' Karachi, which:l left this morning at dawn,' and- 1 completed the distance in nine hours 35. minutes. Once again I am bafckto the welcome . green of. the landscape of A the Ganges Valley, after haying. 13own over many weary -miles of desert/' ' ~ . . -' '-? ? ARRIVAL AT CALCUTTA. '?;'.-? . ' CALCUTTA,' February- 18. Hinkler arrived at the .Dum-dum 'Aero drome, Calcutta, to-day at 1.25 p.m.,; from Cawnpore, a distance of about 600 miles. Hinkler's message to the Australian Press Association says:— 'I have arrived at Calcutta after another good trip, j ? JUst b'efore reaching Calcutta, in spite of' the bright sunlight, a dense haze, made visi bility; almost as bad as~.it. would be in England to-day. The journey of about 630 miles was accomplished in sis. hours.' Lajt night I received the hospitality of the ISssex' Regiment at Cawnpore, and'many of .them' got up early to see me off, at. dawn.' . . . , v : Somewhat Fatigued. ~' '', Hinkler looked somewhat fatgued on- ar- rival at Calcutta. He said ' , that'. ' his machine was in perfect condition,1 and that he expected to take off fpr Rangoon to morrow morning. When asked why 'he bad landed 'at Cawnpore instead of -..at Allahabad, as originally intended,' when he left Karachi, he said he ? thought v that Cawnpore was more convenient for land ing than Allahabad. ?. PETROL DUMPS IN AUSTRALIA. 1 BRISBANE, 'Thursday. It is announced that at Hinkler's re quest petrol dumps have beeafjestablished at Darwin, Newcastle 'Waters, Cloncurry, Longreach,.and Bundaberg. .It will not be' known. until Hinkler .reaches Australia whether he will call at Brisbane. HINKLER CONGRATULATED. VBatfwin Next Thursday. ?'.'?? ' LONDON, February 16. Tbe- news of Hinkler's arrival at Cal cutta delighted his comrades at the Royal Aero Club, London. They sent him the following cable message: — 'Keep it up, Bert.' Hinkler's aviation friends calculate* thnt with luck he should reach Darwin on Feb ruary 23. 