 HINKLER'S SAFE ARRIVAL -O+O- LONDON TO AUSTRALIA IN 16 DAYS I ONE OF GREATEST AVIATION FEATS IN HISTORY DARWIN, Februmy 22. Australia at iast' 1 lauded at Dai«ill after flying over the sea practically the wholo way from Bimu. I found Unna inconvenient. 1 put Mp in a native hut, but was bitten continuously by mosquitoes, and couM not slcop. I was out at four o'clock l-cady to start ior for JJanvm. JJanvin. J. 1 lisu lied afja .lii«sky i'lky climb-out--ot tty thf mo'u mounUins'*r..«D tiicn lieaded for the open sea, pa^iiii over Kupang about 10.30, 'mid then over the Sea of Timor for about live hours. :My first sight of Australia was Jiotiiijrst Islund ivliicli cau=el fircat iov ill tlie cockpit."" (Sigticilj. BinWcV." Message Sent by Prime Minister CANBliiUtA, J'ebruary 22. Air Uruce has despatched a messageto Hinkier as follows: "On bcbalf of tlie people of Australia X desire to convey to you our warmest congratulations on tlie successful conclusion uf your flight from England to Au-^ tialia. You have carried out a hazardous undertaking with skill and intrepiilily, and you have not only ad.len lust.o to your already distinguished rccord, but yon have advanced tluj science of aviation in a very considerable degree. Our feelings are intensi fied by tlie fact that this feat is of v oi-ld-'wiile interest-, and has been accomplished by an Australian. I wish ,il.=o to express the hope tlint tlie Goverinm-iit will have the opportunity of welcoming you in person at the Scat of Government at an early date." Machine Fit and Well Tbe Prime Minister's Department has received the follon iug report tonight from Mr Jolly, Mayor of Darwin: "At seven o'clock Hinkler reports both himself and the machine in an excellent condition. He looks fit and well, and full of energy. He:had an uneventful trip from the jumpingoff pluco with the exception of a little trouble in the Bim.-. mountains. Jl9 experienced good' weather on tbe way. He sighted the coast at 5.40, and flow straight to the landing place. _ The averagy speed was 92 ni.p.li. He intends leaving oarlv in tlie morning." Mrs. Hinkler Overjoyed Throughout the trying two weeks Mrs Hinkler has been bchide herself with cxcitcment. She s;iid: 'Ti atir. u the Tiroudcs'li ifcfiflili ii'r tho 4 'orld i&lt; simply cannot sleep. It was not fear and anxiety for my faith in Bert is too strong "for that. It was just tbe thrill of it all- I knew Vie would do it, but womanlike I could not help lying awake and accompanying him in spirit, overtaking him and enjoying tho thrill of it all. I have been flying all the time." A friend is taking her for a quiet week-end to the country. She sent her husband a cable as follows: "Congratulations, am bubbling over witJi joy. Much love. Nance." Congratulations from Victoria MliLBOURNK, February 22. Messages received from I'ort Darwin to-day stated that tho w liole town was excitedly awaiting the arrival of the Australian aviator, Bert Hinkler, who left London in a light GO^horsepower aeroplane on February 7. He had made such wonderful progress that it was anticipated lie would reach Darwin this afternoon. Hinkler bad arrived at Bimn in th» Sumb.uva Islands yesterdny, and this brought him to within 850 miles of Australia. He announced it was his intention to resume tbe flight at S a.m., which would be 7.30 Melbourne time. No message, however, was received throughout tho day that be had actually left Bima. The greater portion of'the journey to-day was over tbe Timor Sea. but for the first part of tbe flidit Hinkler was within reason- able distance of islands. For tlie final 100 miles, however, liiukler was out ol sight of land ami over portion of tlie ocean raiuly frequented by siiipping. lleports from Danvin to-day stated that the weather ^conditions were perfect. Another clibering fact was that U.M.A.S. Meliiuunie_\vas due to leave aMrin 'UwJey for Singapore training cruitc, and instructions vere given tbe vessel to follow a course tiuiilnr to that of the aviator. Throughout tbe day congratulatory messages poured into Btind.iberg. To-day messages were received from ranvin' that Hinkler bad'arrived at •j.-35 p.ill. Tlie Premier (51 r Hogan) sent the following telegram to the aviator: "'Oil behalf of tbe Government and people of Victoria I desire to congratulate you heartily on your plucky and memorable flight." Hinklcr's flight is one of tbe greatest fcais in tbe history of aviation. Kight years ago Sir Boss Smith and bis party in a powerful two-engined machine flew from England to Australia in twenty-eight days. Hinkler, in a machine winch hitherto lias not been regarded as suitable for longdistance flights, has now covered tbe long journey in sixteen days. Licut.-Cof. Brinsmead. Controller of Aviation, has left for Bundabcrg to officially welcome Hinkler on behalf of the Commonwealth Government. Average Speed of 92 Miles Tho manager of tlie Sbeli Company Ltd., Melbourne (Sir O. W. Durcli) received the following message from the Shell agent at Darwin: "Hinkler made a perfect landing at 5.53. He, appears very fit and well and reports himself and his machine in excellent condition. Ho expressed high appreciation of tbe Shell service throughout the long journey. Good trip from last jujnping-off place; weather experien- :ed over this section very good. He sighted Australian coast at 5.40, and made straight for landing place. , Wagrceted by large crowd. Average ;peod maintained 92 miles. leaving Darwin early to-morrow." London Receives the News LONDON, February 22. The news of the arrival at Danvin of Bert Hinkler leached London at 9 dVilot^, and amazed aviation circles !uot Only by thb exceptional time in which the flight was accomplished but by the immense "hops." Tbe news created enthusiasm at Croydon and tho Boyal Aero Club members were excited and delighted. Congratulations were cabled to tho Australian Prime Minister, and the Pi ess featured the story of the endurance of the Australian aviator whose intrepidity and organising were perfect. It is now stated that tlie story regarding the insurance with Lloyds is unfounded. Hinkler investigated the proposition, but regarded it as nsclo.-s mi a premium of £500 which iie found beyond bis resources. Cheers for Hinkler at Palais During the "Old Time Melo:ly Nigiit" lield at tho Palais Royal iast evening, the manager (Mr J. Moore- Murphy) announced that Hinkler, the intrepid Australian a\iator had arrived in Australia. The announcement was greeted with much applause bv the large audi€nce. Sir Murphy stated that whilst the old melodies were being played one was carried back many years, and if one-bad thought or said that when these musical hits were the reigning successes that Hinkler or anyone else would flv from England in suc-Ji record time lie would have been thought insane. Three cheei-s for Hinkler were called for, and the Palais Royal rang wit : i the cheers given. ? 