 Darwin Honors Gallant Airman Hinkler Feted on Wednesday Night London to DarWin in 15 Days' / DARWIN TOWN COUNCIL Town Hall, Darwin, February, 22nd. 1928. To Bert Hinkler Esq. On behalf of the people of Darwin, Wie, the Mayor and Councillors of this Municipality, have unbounded pleasure in greet- ing you on your, safe arrival) after your wonderful flight, and we most heartily welcome you on your return to your Native* Land under such history making circumstances. We are indeed proud to be in the position of the first Australians to greet and welcome you at this time, and we can assure you that, although we know fulî wel that you will- be ac- claimed right throughout the Commonwealth because of your won- derful performance, our hearts are full of admiration of your achievement that could not be felt more by your most ardent ad- mirers . You have not only once again demonstrated the equality of the Native born Australian to the world's best in mankind in undertaking this epic flight unaccompanied', but you also eclipsed the best performance of your predecessors who have attempted, but not alone, the flight from the Mother Country to this distant part of the Empire. Tha.t you have come so far safely is indeed a matter of congratulation and thankfulness, and we trust that when again you take wing and leave us the rest of your journey will be acconv pushed with the same measure of success as has attended you so far. (Signed) (Signed) F. O'Leary, D. Watts, Mayor. Town Clerk. E.V.V. Brown, Councillor. J.W.H. Brogan, Councillor. C. Johnson, Councillor. Robt. Marchant, Councillor). (The address presented to Aviator Bert Hinkler was executed by Mr A.-Booth of the Lands Department and this fine produc- tion reflected great credit on the artist.) The arrival of Aviator Bert Hink- ler (at Darwin cn Wednesday last gave the town opportunity to be the first citizens of Australia to do honor to thjs great Australian Hero. After a Bong wait, some people were at the aerodrome as early as one o'clock, the noise of Hinklers engine was distinctly heard' approaching Darwin from the north. A matter of a few moments saw him duly arrive and gladden the hearts of the onlooKers who had begun to think that some- thing had happened to this gallant airman. He hit the ground at six o'clock. The first person 'to re- proach t(he plane on it's landing was Dr. Cook in his official capacity as quarantine officer. Given the once over by the doctor and declared O.K. he was then welcomed by the Gov- ernment Resident on behalf of the Commonwealth of Australia and Mayor Watts on behalf of the citi- zens of Darwin and leading citizens. Hinkler was the recipient of nearly 500 telegrams while in Darwin. The Civic, reception held in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening presided over by the Mayor was largely attended by a representative bodiy of citizens warm in their honoring of man who accomplished this fçreat feat. The Mayor welcomed Aviator to Austra- lia on behalf of the people of Dar- win and thanked him for helping to make Darwin the front doorway of Australia as far as Avia- tion was concerned. He stated he was pleased to have the honor of welcoming such a gallant Australian who had done .so much for his coun- try and the whole world The ihght had great bearing on the future pos- sibilities of commercial aviation. It seemed marvellous that a man r quid land here after sleeping a thousand miles away the previous night. The citizens present in no matter »vhat country they were born joined him in extending to Aviator Hinkler all the best wishes of the community of Darwin. The Mayor presented Hink- ler with an address of welcome sign- ed by the Town Councillors. He re- ferred to Mr Hinkler as the Lind- bergh of Australia. The Government Resident Colonel Weddell conveyed to Hinkler the best wishes of the Commonwealth Government and citi- zens of Australia on the completion of his wonderful effort. The flight constituted a record for a one man attempt and we were justly proud that this honor should fall to one of our own Australians. The Australian soldiers had done much to give Aus- tralia a place among the nations of the word but this fine effort had placed Australia ahead of the whole world. To reach Austialia from London in fifteen days was no mean achievement. Hinkler had placed Bundaberg imon the map and de- manded that Deople all over the world should, consult their atlases. Great sentiment was attached to the presenting of a block of land near his home at Bundaberg as a landing ground. Hinkler could rest assured that he would receive every assistance from the Commonwealth Government who had quite wrongly been accused of having no interest in the flight. Also assured) the aviator that no demand on the Government could be too great coming from such a man. Telegrams of congratulation were read from the Governor-General, the Prime Minister and from the Commodore of the H.M.A.S. Mel- bourne . Reception was continued in ¿he Soldiers Hall where the health of the aviator and the toasts of the King and the Commonwealth were hon- ored. The President of the Local Branch of the R.S.S.I.L.A. wel- comed! Hinkler and stated that the Diggers fully realized what he had achieved and wjiat he had} been through. One a little slip needed to end flight jn destruction of brave man. Waiting and watching for a sign of the airman had been very trying ordeal during afternoon and great relief was felt wfhen a purr of engines became audible. A telegram of congratulation was read from the Federal President of the League. Mr J. Kennett rendered "The Mountains .f MournaP during the evening. The Government Resident Colonel Wen- dell acted as accompanist at the fur.e ¡fcjiojn. Mr ïBnkler was a very tired man and madle a brief reply at each function ¡he stated that he was pleas- ed to be home again and was dee1-:/ moved at the wonderful welcome accorded hism by the citizens of Dar- win . He would never forget Jris first night in Australia after the accom- plishment of his little hop over. Was anxious to make a start for Bundaberg next day. Interviewed Mr Hinkler intimated that» he had a great deal of trouble in gaining financial assistance to car- ry on the trip but was eventually successful in interesting a leading London newspaper to back him up this company insured the flight again st loss to themselves. Mr Hinkler is to be paid at the rate of one pound for the first days reduction on the late Sir Rosß Smith's time of twenty eight days, doubling up on this figure for each days redaction. Paper frightened that sum might run into thousands of pounds. He flies an Avrian Cirrus thirty horse power machine the same engines being used by the majority of the English Air Cïubs. Mr Hinkler rose early on Thursday morning with the idea of a* start for Bundaberg a,t daylight but later decided to spend the day in Darwin and thoroughly overhaul his machine. After a rest in the after- noon he was the guest of the Vic- toria League at a function organized in his honor in the evening. 