 Missing Flier Turns Up Tired But Safe At Singapore - - . ._ - v.v- -f ii ' " .' ' : :'- ;' - .V ». "SMITHY" SMASHES ANOTHER RECORD ; '' '&lt; 1 -N . London to Rangopn In Seven Days; Hinkler Took Eleven HILL AT DARWIN ON FRIDAY? Both- Kings ford Smith and Lieutenant Hill are safe and continuing their pace-cracking race to Australia . "Smithy," flying non-stop from Allahabad, created a new re cord by reaching Rangoon yesterday afternoon in seven days from London. He is now within 1330 miles, or a day s flying, of his rival, who reached Singapore yesterday, after having been forced by engine trouble to spend the night at Singora. .- Although he has had no sleep since Saturday, and, is feeling the effects of his long night hops, HiU will Vesume his flight to-day, and expects to reach Darwin to-morrow. If "Smithy" follows as fast, he should arrive there on Saturday, making a ten days' record flight from London. ir ' HE 1140 miles from Allahabad to Rangoon was done non-stop by "Smithy" in just under 13 hours. His unequalled pro gress on his record- smashing flight can be _ gauged better by real- ising that Hinkler took 11 days to reach Rangoon, while Amy Johnson and Hill each took nine; Close on the hews of "Smithy's" arrival at Rangoon came the welcome tidings of Hill's safe landing, at Sin gapore, which he reached in .11 days from London, two days less than was taken by Hinkler. Sand Beat Hill Lieutenant Hill explained that he did not visit Bangkok, as, after leav ing Rangoon at" midnight on Monday, he flew to Singora, which he reached on Tuesday morning. He had hoped to resume from Sin gora within an hour, but his machine failed, arid he had to take off from the sand; As it was impossible to reach Singa pore the same day he was obliged to remain at Singora until /Wednesday morning. No Sleep Since Saturday Hill said that he was , most tired, as he had not slept since Saturday night. He will leave to-day for Sourabaya, and, after, refilling, may proceed im mediately to Bima, and then make the final hop -across the water to Darwin on Friday. Lieutenant Hill added that he will not fly back to England, but intends having a good holiday with his par ents in Queensland, with whom he will Spend four months. 