 N,Z. Fjiers Reach; Darwin f Australians Off To London NX FLIERS LAND AT DARWIN ♦ Piper And Kay. Had Struggle With Adversity ' 43 DAYSTN FUGHT DARWIN, Monday.— Flying-Officer , H. L. Piper and C. E. Kay, New Zealand members of the Royal Ajr Force, landed at -Daiwin at- 2.30 p.m. , ? .„.,.. ? '......?.,'... - ? Obtaining leave, they left England on Feb ruary 10, 'and on ? their journey encountered almost all the bad luck it was possible to meet. It occupied 43 days. -The last stage of the journey, from Atatn boea, took six and a half hours. _ The air men ?will fly to Sydney and ship their plane to New Zealand. After a. short holiday there they will re turn to England. They intend' to sell their machine; a De Souter monoplane air tasi, .with n J50 h.p. Cirrus-Hermes engine. DELAYED BY STORMS This is the story they toftl to a reporter:— . 'W-e left. Croydon Aerodrome at dawn on February- 10 with seven hours of petrol. Owing to the heavy .headwinds o^ir petrol finished north of Lyons aerodrome. After two and a half hours' delay, we sent for petrol. The French authorities sent back a mechanic instead. ? ? 'Fiom Lyons to Avignon we struck bad snowstorms, and were forced to land at Pisa in a heavy flood.. 'There -was further delay, as we couM get no petrol, but -finally we liew to NapuM, ugainBt headwinds. The fumes of Mount Vesuvius almost smothered us. We had a good run to Sicily, although heavy rainstorms were encountered. 'We left Malta next day in an attempt to crose the' Mediterranean to Bftughazt— 412 milcH. After three hours flying in dark ness we saw an. aerodrome five miles aw -y. We had been advised to keep to the sea front, because of the, hostile tribes. 'Owing to bad headwinds we landed r.t Tobruck, stopping there one niyhl in . a filthy native house. Next day we flew 'io Aboukh*. and from there to Ghnzi. 'Heavy clouds over the Dead Sea forced us to turn towards Ziza. The name of the place had been changed, and we could not find it, so finally landed at Amnii. It was a bad aerodrome, flooded. - 'Across the desert floods had washed the roads away and we took a wrong turning, flew over hostile country, and finally re lumed to 7Aza. FORCED LANDING . 'The Royal -Air Force detaennrent showed ug the road to Amanan, where we had two liiiys* delay through had weather. Then, at Jask, we had a forced lr.ntliit:; because of eugine trouble. . ? 'Lenving there in the dark we were forced to -land on the beach.- The -native- chief mnde his tribe -push the aeroplane back to the aerodror ? » nt Jask. We had a good night to Karachi, but through heavy, low lyng c!ouds, had to land at Hyderabad. Making a fresh start, we had a forced land* ing - near Jodpur. In a second attempt to reach Allahabad because of heavy winds and a low oil pressure, we were forced to land at Jnnsi, but arrived at Allahabad the same night. '(hit next flight was to Calcutta. We rt perieuced bad engine trouble, but arrived Kafely. The same afternoon we took off for Akyab. Leaving Akyab engine trouble forced a landing on the west of Baronga Island, where there were no Europeans. , We returned to Akyab in a native fishing boat, and were five hours under the roasting au.i. THREE WEEKS' WAIT 'After, waiting for three weeks for spare parts, we flew to Rangoon. There were heavy clouds when we left Rangoon, and wo decided to go under them. The smoke was so dense that we could not see in the gully. We got above the cjqud.4 then, and found a plain surrounded with hills. Our il pleasure was down, and we had a strenuous battle with a high wind. But we reached Bangkok, and went from there no-stop to ? Singapore. [''Our next hop was to Bntavm, when we encountered the worst storm during the trip. , From Batavia w-5 flew to Sourabayn.. then tried to reach Atambola, but bad weather forced ' a landing on the beach, where , the plane stuck in soft sand. ? '? .- 'Next day, wj*'1 nn*iye help, we made a runway, took the nlr. and arrived at Atani ' hola. ? From Atambola we made a .non stop run to Darwin— --vcr 400 miles! ? .''.'? Be cmise of floods (it Daly , Waters ' and New- cnstle, nlso ns no fuel is available at.' either plncen. we cannot leave tomorrow;'. :.'.'? H. l_ Piper H. l_ Piper C E. Kay C E. Kay 