 England To Australia In 10% Days Is Smithy's Aim DARWIN ON SUNDAY WITH LUCK ANOTHER RECORD GOES AT ALLAHABAD NO TIDINGS OF 'HILL- OF-A-HURRY' 'Newt' Special LONDON. Tur.-diy. PXGLAXD to Australia in 101 days is now the ;iim of Wing-Coinmnnder Kingsford Smith, who .'in-ived at Allahabad, India, at 2.15 p.m. on Tuesday, his sixth day out, having covered a total mileage of 5290. After overhauling his eneinc, he will leave for Ran goon, Burma, at 4 a.m. to-morrow, and intends to make his future stages Singapore. Sourahaya, Timor, and Port Oar win, landing on Australian soil next Sunday. Xo word has yet been received of Flight Lieiilen.-int Hill, who left Rangoon at midnight on Monday for a moonlight flit to Singora, Southern Siam. J^INGSFORD SMITH has established another lecord by reaching Alla habad in SI days from London, and Is j veil ahead of the time made by Hlnkler on his record flight to Australia. 'No more long-distance flights for me: Uiere'c nothing left for me to dot Be tides. I'm (setting married when I arrive ! In Australia.1 j So said Kingsford Smllh on arrival at Allahabad. He added that he proposed ( to leave Rangoon before dawn on Thurs- j day for Singapore, and hoped to arrive at Dam-In on Sunday afternoon, thus | completing, his flight from England In ? 10J days, making 11 'hops ' In all. Mileages Compared The total distances flown by four pro minent England-Australia fliers In their first six days were as follow; — Miles. Kingslord Smith ? 5200 Amy Johnson ? 4300 Hill ? 3550 Hinkler ? 3540 At the end of nine days, the total mile ages of three of these fliers were:— Miles. Hill ? 6650 Amy Johnson ? 6350 Hinklor ? 5710 With thrre days to Epare. therefore. I Klnssford smith was only 1360 miles be- ! hind Hills nileage. eo.ua] to two or 'Smithy's' worst flying days. Where Is Hill? Although 'HUl-of-a-Hurry' should have covered the 700 odd miles between Rangoon and Singora early on his tenth Ing to Australia by steamer from Cr,]. ? cutta. I LONDON J2AXBERR A ! i Bought 'Plane At j Store j LONDON, Tuesday. | Enicrlnc a bip West End department .More, Oscar Garden, a New Zealander. traded a motor car In pan payment for a ? Gypsy Moth 'plane. In which he had i learned to fly at Stag Lane. ' Garden says he Intends, to fly to Aus tralia shortly. He will not attempt to brrak a record, but will proceed by lei surely stages to Canberra. The necessity for adding extra petrol tonics Is delaying the Issue of a certifi cate of airworthiness for the 'plane, FOG : RAW DELAY Mrs. Miller Will Not Cite In KANSAS CnX Tuesday. Mrs. Keith Miller, who is endeavoring to lowrr the women's record for the trans continental flight Irom New York to Los Anceles. stayed here overnight, and post poned her lake-orr for Wichita to-day ow lnc to fop, and r;Mn. Mrs. Miller eventually got away at 3 p.m.. after expressinc her determination to complete the fliRht to Los Angeles by Wednesday night. She reached Wichita at 4.58 p.m. 