 Kingsford Smith Lands At Darwin 10 Days From London LOWERS HINKLER'S TIME BY FIVE AND A HALF DAYS Hill Crashes In Sight Of Goal And Gives Smith His Emergency Boat VICTOR'S THRILLING STORY OF PERILS ON RANGOON SINGAPORE STRETCH Sang With Relief, When Jagged Peaks Passed 1'iom unr special representative. - DARWIN, Sunday. — Breaking Hinkler's record of 15£ days by five days, WingComman der Kingsford Smith landed on Fanny Bay Aerodrome at 1.45 p.jn. today at the end of his amazing flight alone from England to Australia in a small Avro-Avian plane. Kinersf ord Smith stated last night that allowing for 9i hours difference in time be tween London and Darwin his actual time was nine days 21 hours 40 mins. With his goal in sight flight-Lieut. Hill dropped out of the race on Friday afternoon. His machine overturned at Koepang, Timor and was wrecked as he was about to leave on his last lap to Darwin. Kingsford Smith found his luckless rival when he dropped into the aerodrome on Timor Island on Saturday afternoon from Sourabaya. The plane was beyond immediate repair. It was a pathetic conclusion to a brilliant effort. . -, Hill, with splendid sportsmanship, gave Smith his collapsible boat in case he struck trouble cross ing the Timor Sea. Smith said it brought a lump to his throat. Captain F. B. Matthews, who left England on 'September 16, but was delayed by a crash in Siam, arrived at Darwin soon after 4.1S p.m. oh Saturday. Darwin gave Kingsford Smith a wildly enthusiastic welcome. The airmen will leave Darwin at dawn today for Brisbane and Sydney. Kingsford Smith expects to arrive in Sydney on Wednesday about 3 p.m. Flier Steals March On Darwin, But Whole Town Soon There Kingsiord Smith stole a march on Dar ?win but not for long. He got into Aus^ tralia with only about 100 white residents, and some Chinese and Japanese to greet him. ' He could not get out of the aerodrome at Fanny Bay before almost the entire popu lation of Darwin had surrounded him, shaken his hand, patted him on the back, taken his photograph, and generally behaved as sucii crowds do. It was nearly 12.30 p.m. when the Vacuum Oil Company's representatives were advised that Kin^sford Smith would arrive half an hour after noon. Instantly cars were com mandeered, and. a few friends were advised, and a dash was made! to the Fanny Bay aerodrome. No sooner had the people arrived there than the Southern Cross Junior could be seen afar off, heading straight for Darwin. In five minutes the roads were enveloped in clouds of dust as the rest of the town's population- left their dinners to greet the man for whom they had waited feverishly for days. On came the plane, 1,000 ft. up, glistening in the sun. It came down in a steep spiral Slide that thrilled the onlookers, disturbing \ flock of white goats that were browsing on some green grass on the aerodrome. Kingsford Smith had to bank and clear away again to let the goats get away from the centre of the field. Then he came down again, and touched land just as a flock of red and green parrots flew round his plane. In this picturesque setting he taxied up to the excited crowd. A salvo of cheers broke from the spec tators. They flocked around him, and he could not get out of the cockpit. The Government Resident (Col. Weddel), who had rushed away from q reception to Capt. Matthews, welcomed Smith on behalf of the Federal Government, and congratulated him on hw epic flight. 'Xnank you,' beamed the flier, 'but :t was all due to the little Southern Cross Junior. My joy would be complete if poor old Hill were here with me.' The kindly remarks brought forth more cheers, and the crowd Bang, For He's A Jolly Good Fellow. 'We will have n toast,' called someone, and magicaKy bottles appeared from nownere. 'I will have a soda water, if you please,' laughed the hero. Darwin oblig ingly complied, and the crowd enjoyed drink ing what had been reserved for Smith. 'HOW IS MARY?' Capt. F. W. Haig, chief aviation officer of the Vacuum Oil Company, and Mr. H. H. Richardson, of the Queensland staff. greeted the flier, who whispered, 'Have you seen Mary lately?' 'I have and she is well,' he was in formed. Then be stood up in the cockpit, and said, 'That- is the main thing that matters.' Having stood up, he could not get down, because hundreds wanted his photograph. He posed with a smile while cameras clicked and movie machines whirred. At last he was helped out of the machine. 'Now ior a cigarette,' he said . Packets appeared from everywhere, and he pocketed most of tliem. Nearly an hour elapsed before he could get away from the landing ground, and then he owed his escape to n ruse. A police man cunningly remarked that the machine was damaged on one wing, and tho crowd rushed to have a look. 'TOO DAMNED SLICK' Smithy was spirited over the fence into a jnnana plantation, and from there he ran icross the street into a waiting motor car. The driver started up his engine, and was ?oady to move when the perspiring mayor of Darwin (Aid. Brogan) appeared, and jumped rom a motor car. He apologised for his lelay. 'You are too damned slick,' he re narked. Then civicly he welcomed the flier, stand ng on the running board of the car. The Story Of The .Flight; Jolly Glad To Be Back Smith had no rest until after dinner. All the afternoon he was busy overhaul ing his machine, supervising the fuelling and oifing and it was only while he was at dinner that he found time to tell the story of his flight. 'Well! Here I am and jolly glad to be back in Australia,' he said. 'No one can realise- how extremely happy I was to see the ? coastline this afternoon. It thrilled me and I said right out loud, 'Good Day, Australia!' 'The worst stretch of an arduous' flight was between .Rangoon and Singapore. Terri fic head winds caused rough, flying, and the weather generally was frightful. Rainstorms pelted against the machine with positive fury and low dense cloud banks forced me to fly very low into the worst of the wind. Going into Singapore I got through the clouds, but darkness came on and I could not see the ground. 'Fortunately conditions improved just a little as I got to the aerodrome, and Royal Ah* Force officers had flares lighted to. guide me in. 'It was difficult to make . a .landing, but I got down with nothing worse than a broken undercarriage wire. This was repaired in a few minutes. 'There is very little to amuse one on n long flight such as that to Australin, because the only entertainer is yourself tttid the comedian is his own audience. 'During tho night* the meeting .with natives after passing India' provides variety snd much amusement. They are very funny when they gather round the aviator, and their interest)' in' arguments about his make IP are vents them iroin doing -what ie , wnnwa. In fact, they «o just the reverse, but they are so funny that it docs not matter.' 'All the way from Singapore,'- said Kings ford Smith, 'it was ' plain sailing, and the machine required little or no attention. I just could not go wrong. It was just a case of sitting back and fighting the desire to fall asleep. 'Try that pastime for about 10 days and see how masterful is sleep. One of the con tributing factors in combating it towards the end was that my Bitting posture was most painful. It was not n joke at all, especially after flying for 10 or 11. hours without being able to stand up to Btcady the nerves. 'X became a., renegt.de, and committed the unpardonable sin of smoking all day long. Of course. I exercised great care in doing so. 'Rcvorting to the jarring on the first day I must explain that crossing over the Alps was the worst flying after the Singapore hop; It was terrifically bump.v and had I not been strapped in most certainly I would have been thrown' out. * 'The machine bucked like a wild horse and I had no spurs. 'That did not make me air siclc, of course, but I developed, a very sick -feeling inside ivhen cutting off a comor at 3,500 feet. Be neath me were precipitous peaks' with jugged teeth. I got into a patch so bumpy that 1 :ould not keep* the engine going as the petrol vould not sit in the- bottom of my tank. [t was too terrifying to look, down in search -f a probable landing place. AH that I Cot by trying that was a btgger fright as rigger teeth reared up all around me. Then '. bumped out of the bumps, the petrol de ided to .return to the bottom and on we flew In giory. ? 'The relief was so great that I sang. I was a good thing that no one heard me. 'The England-Australia flight - is. ex tremeJy strenuous, and should not be at tempted by any but the physically fit,' con tinned Smith. 'Weather conditions are try ing. - ' 'The first hops ar-j in intense cold,- am over the Alps x was wrapped up witi bundles and bundles of clothing. Gradual]} these had to be discarded. After each hof my clothes went little by little, until now 1 have the one outfit, an old soft shirt ready made plus fours, and a tweed coat. 'Organisation and careful planning deletes much of the romance from a long flight. By looking ahead I was able to so organise the flight that I was certain of at least four or. five hours* sleep every night, with the result -that I kept perfectly fit. 'Now, in spite of appendicitis and in fluenza, I am in fine fettle and feel batter than I have been for years. 'Tho last hop from Atamboea to Darwm over water is very trying. It is not a plea Bant trip at al.', but it had not the Bleep compelling clement experienced previously. 'One must be on the qui vivo all the while, letening intently to the song, of the 'engine. '. am used to flying over water in tnrce 'ligined machines, but when it is stripped lown to one engine the business is nerve rracking. 'Naturally' 1 cheered myself when the oast of Australia loomed in sight. 'Setting my course. I allowed for six egrees -wind drift, and aimed to touch the dge of Bathurst Island. That was the exact omt Dossed, and o* I. raced -fcp Jtorj-imiii ' 