 GIRL SAVED FRQM SURF AT NOBBYS BEACH London to Darwm in 10 Days ~ ? I DASHING RACE NEARni?A TRIUMPHANT END BOTH COMPETITORS SHOULD HAKE NEW AIR RECORD 'SMITHY' MUST WIN! After having stood since February, 1927, Hinkler's record of 15 J days for a flight from England to Australia appears likely to be broken by several days. » Wing-Commander Kingsford Smith reached Rangoon yesterday afternoon ? — seven days from London— and arranged to leave for Singapore this morning. It is thus possible for him to complete his flight from England to Darwin in .101 days. Vjv'r . Flying Officer Hill reached Singapore yesterday afternoon, and left for ^ 'Iv-. -'jBoiirabaya at 3 o'clock this morning. j '?'#'% He hopes to go to Bima to-day, and then cover the last stage of.his flight Darwin to-morrow, thus taking 13 days for the whole flight. i ? - V £ SINGAPORE, Wednesday. J*' .fC^Two days ahead of Hinkler's time. Officer Hill arrived to-day. and ?*-' -/'..said he hoped to reach Darwin on ?-$grA#Hday. He will go op -to Sourabaya tomor -'ip'l -row, and after re.'ucUinp may proceed y Si f Immediately to B'.ma, and then cross water on Friday. Hill said he r^u'ic a_^njght 'flight \Jyitrom Rangoon to Slngora, leaving the former place shortly after midnight, ;4i and arriving at Slngora at 10 a.m. yes terday. fHe had hoped to continue from Sln gora within an hour, but his machine ;y failed to take off from the sand, and ,-;? as it wan impossible to reach Singa ??- pore the same day he was obliged to (J wait until this morning. !f He said ho was very tired, as he & had not slept since Saturday night. 3 He does not intend to fly back, but S will have a holiday In Brisbane, where £ he will stay with his parents for four months. I LY1NG STRONGLY !*} ('Sun' Special) ?ISi ALBQUEUQUE (Mexico), .Jw Wednesday. , [« Mrs. Keith Miller arrived here at HE 1.23 p.m. on her flight from New York to Loh Angeles, which she began at vB 6 ».in. on Monday, In an attempt to lower Miss Laura Ihgall's 311 hours l£jvj trans-continental record. i'ltmi.umiuiiiimniDtiiittnuiiiimnuwimuiiiiiirainnmritnnitj Where They Are I Kinatford Smith I Lieut. Hill I Record j Breakers 1 