 " SMITHY " WINS. LONDON TO DARWIN IN 10 DAYS HILL MAKES FORCED LANDING. The epic llight from London to' Dar win in lo-i days hy Squadron Leader Hinkler nearly three years ago has been beaten by Wing Commander Kingsford Smith, who landed at Port Darwin at 1.45 pan. on Sunday. His. time was 10 days 7 hours. Lieut. Hill, who was also well ahead of Hinkler 's record, had the misfortune to damage his 'plane when , making a forced landing on tlie beach between lieopang and Ttapoepoe on Saturday morning. I Captain Matthews, reached Darwin on Saturday afternoon, a moptk after leaving England. Wing Commander Kingsford Smith arrived at Darwin at 1.54 on Sunday. He circled the' town, and! made a good landing a few minutes later. Both Smith and Matthews re ceived scores of congratulatory mes sages from throughout Australia and abroad. It is now revealed that Matthews' actual flying time was exactly 13 days from London.'. Matthews stated' on ar rival that he saw two 'planes which he took to be those of Hill and Kings ford Smith, but gave his machine full throttle to arrive at Darwin first. He added that his machine, being the fast est of the three 'planes, quickly lost the- other 'planes. The news of Hill's crash filled every one with disappointment, as the Queensland airman's plucky attempt on the record had been watched with interest. It must have been a great, disappointment to Hill to ' have met with a mishap on the last hop, which is an easy one compared with some sections of his trip. HINKLER'S PRAISE. 'WONDERFUL DEMONSTRATION.' / Squadron Leader Hinkler, at New | York, gave the Australian Press Asso- \ tion the following statement: "I am j happy to add my congratulations to Kingsford Smith for his very fine show. I am very glad that both he ; and Hill had the benefit of modern j equipment, thei reliability of which has been a wonderful demonstration of the i progress we are making with small touring aircraft. A few extra miles ! per hour 'available on their speed, be cause of the added power and' adr vaneement in design, is a tremendous aid' in negotiating long hops. "I can appreciate the quality of their performance, because I still vivid ly remember tho difficulties encountered on the long journey' from England to Australia. These difficulties, however, must progressively disappear as the route becomes more traversed, facili ties-are increased, and aircraft im proved. I never dreamed! that my lit-.' tie run home nearly three years ago would remain the standard for so long, but progress in aviation is sure and definite." ' 