 DARWIN TO LONDON AIR MAILS IN 15DAYS FLYING DUTCHMEN TO CARRY SUBSIDY^ TALK 'New' Sp.dot LONDON, Monday. REI'RESENTATIVES of the Royal Dutch air line, which is operating a fortnightly mail service between Amsterdam and Sourahaya, interviewed Mr. Scullin with a view to opening negotiations for an extension of the service to Darwin on a sub sidy basis. fTHE question Is loo large lo permit ol deftnlte proposals being advanced | at this stage, but aviation authorities arc I golm; Into details. j The Royal Dutch air line nt present ! undertakes to deliver letters from lliu-i Dutch East Indies to London In el. ven days. If. therefore, the necessary g;it runtees regarding the efficiency of the .servlre were forthcoming. It could pro bably deliver letters between Darwin and London in fifteen days. The rate would i probably be between 2/. and 2 C a halt-! ounce. ' Moreover, the line would pro b.ibly Institute a weekly service If a ,ub ,v;dy were RTanted. Throe Australian services wnuld be likily to benefit from the prop^.d rr. ure, namely. National A:rj.;.-.\, | QA.N.T.AS., and the Larkln Aim nil. j Difficulty In Way The subsidy now paid to Wi-.-t ai;.... ' trallan Airway for the service b.:« ,m Perth and Adelaide Is one o! tin- m.ur, I dUBcultles confronting the proiviMlSfin 1! Ihe flying Dutchmen undertake the ?? r- , Darwin, Our Airport of the Fufun vice, most of the overseas air mills will enter and leave Australia through the north, and consequently Ihe Wca Aus tralian subsidy would be largely waited. It seems, however, that the compara tively slow development of Br:t;;h com mercial air lines overseas Is Ilk-i ]y to allow a foreign rival to bridge thu, ' im portant Imperial link. NOT SO SLOW Britain's Monster Air Liners Britain's greatest air line, from Croy don In the Cape, ls a definite step nearer as the result or the Eucccviful demonstra tion flight during the week-end by the first of a fleet of the largest pasMnecr air liners In the world— the HnndVy Page 40-sealer. The 'plane's remarkable lake-off in the space of four seconds, with a light load. Impressed the e)cperls. The ma chine Is the first of a n-Tt of elcht. n,,d. In addition, there will be Inur flying b-jats capable of equally heavy loads. Th^se lire now nearlng compleUon. and th- n-ct or a dozen machines ls expected to inau gurate the Cape air route early In the New Year. Monster Flying Boat Another air monster nearlng completion i. the Vlckers supermarlnr Myini: boat ivua with six engines. II will earn- in passengers and freight equal lo iO more |n-iple. Mr. Handlry Page says that the trans Atlantic commercial air service K nw al nin-i an accomplished fact, Th-ro are iniw no technical difficulties In Ulc nay ol a regular service. This new monster, he adds, proves thnt Er.Kland li able to build maeh.nr.s of twice or three limes tile size «ith Ihe same limnv of safely. These would b- lilted ?.v;th from sljt to eight rnnines. and pro Mdi' sleeping accommodaUnn for I rum 40 '--i bO people. BRITISH ENGI\ES Dornier Do-X To Bo. Altered 'fVeu;*' Special LONDON, Monday. 'J'HK A'lintle fi:;hl of til' Domler Dn-X Is !?- b-- i»-Ft|-oni'd ur.til after Bri tish eT;r:re.s hiiv-- bren fitlert. While in Enaland list wei-k. Dr. Dor ultT arra::g'd to ha^t? the ciant flying boat equi-|ied with right Holls-Roycc engines, e.eh o[ 300 h.p., to replace the 12 cr.iilr.i .-. each ol 600 hp., with which It L al pr.-M-nt ntted. Dr. D,::.:.r calculaies lliat the re moval ol !-.\o pairs of tandem engines will give in, :ra.sed performance, owing to lessened rtmUM. 