 AUSTRALIAN AIR MAIL I LONDON TO DARWIN IN 15 DAYS. Test Flight Commences This Week., LONDON. 30th March. Under an arrangement - made by the Post Oflice with, the Air -Aliniatry and Im perial Airways Ltd., the first cxpcrimentnl air mail flight to Australia and . return will begin 011 Saturday The mail plane will reach Darwin on 10th April, and will be met there by a Qnntas plane. 'Tbo mail , will then tie (loM-ii to . Sydney and Alelboumc. The postage rates have not yet been fixed. The return flight will be commenced eight days later— on the 27lb, reaching Loudon on 14th- Alay. . A ooeond. experimental machine will leave Loudon ou 25th April, reaching Darwin on 10th Alny. 'This machine will return , from Darivin 011 17th Alay, reach ing London on 31st Alay. . Tho inaugural flight coumicneina 011 Saturday will bo made by n tbrec-engincd Armstrong-Siddcley plane, which will also carry Hie regular weekly mails for India and Ccjjlral Africu. It will tiy across Europe to Athens. For the Mediterranean crossing, a .similarly engined flying bout will be used, and at Alexandra the mail will be transferred lo a tbrce-engined Do Hnvilland machine for the stages via Bag dad and Karachi to' Delhi. Thence on the new route a Hercules machine will be used, flying via Calcutta, Rangoon, Singa pore and tiia Dnteh Enst Indira to Dar- win. The total distance is 11,000 miles, and tlio inauguration of a regular weekly scrvico depends upon tho results of the experimental flights. FASTER AIR MAILS. A Millionaire's Test Flight. LONDON, 30th .March. In flic House of Commons to-day the President of the Board of Trade .moved the second reading of tiie Consumers' Council Bill, which establishes a statutory body of seven members with compulsory powers of inquiry in order to cnablo the Board of Trade in certain coses to regu late prices. The Atinistcr said that food, eiothiug and fuel, wliieli were included in the bill, affected lialf the income of tho Bri tish people, which was roughly £4,000,000,000 'annually." Sir' I'hilip Cunliffo Lister asked -if the bill would do anything about price fixing by foreign rings, and if it would apply to trade union restrictions which added lo the cost of goods. The bill Was the apotheosis of ' bureaucracy. Sir Herbert Samuel supported the bill, but said it might, bo desirable to mnko it clear that -it was not intended To apply to individual complaints or lo iuvolve.the exceptional examination of any particiihu- undertaking.. : ' . Tlie motion .for; the second reading was carried! by 203 votes lo 220. 