 First Air-Mall for Australia. J-ondon-Port Darwin in 15 Days. The first 11,194 miles of Imperial Airways air-mail, from England to Australia, left the London air-ctation at 8.30 a.m., on April 4»h, 1931, in a 9-tOn ArmstrOng- Siddeley air liner, and is due at P rt Darwin On April 19th, compl ting in 15 days a j >urney wh.ch, by surface transport, would occupy 28 days. This outwaid-bound aeroplane from London carried, in addition to the first Australian ;.ir mail, ihe Indian and African mails, the combined load representing a tot.il of approximately 50,000. The fi (St Australian mail comprised roughly 15,000 letters. This is the first of two experimental return air mails wnicb, by arrangement between the Post Office, Air Ministry, and Imperial Airways, art to he flown between England and Australia. Proposa Is lor a weekly air mail, carryins letters from England to Australia in 11 or 12 days, have been submitted by Imperial Airways, and are now under review by the Governments concerned. The route followed by this outward-bound service to Australia is via Paris, Athene, Cairo, Bagdad, Karachi, Delhi, Calcutta, Rangoon, Singapore, and the Dutch East Indies to Port Darwin, Australia. At Port Darwin this first air mail from England will be met by an aeroplane of the Australian " Qantas " Company, and flown across Australia to Sydney and Melbourne, Sydney being reached on April 22nd. Time having been allowed for people receiving letters by the first air mail from England to reply to them, the return mail for England leaves Port Darwin on April 27th, being due in London on May 14th. .A second air mail from England to Australia leaves London on April 25th, being due in Australia om May 10th, while a second return service leaves Australia, on May 17th, and is scheduled to reach Lohdon on May 3lst. v It may be recalled that it is only II years since the pioneer flight between England and Australia was made by two Australian airmen,, the late Sir Ross Smith and Sir Keith Smith in a Vickers-Rolls-Royce biplane in 28 days. 