 First Air-Mail for Australia. 5-ondon-Port Darwin in »5 Days. The first 11,194 miles of Imperial Airways air-mail, from England to Australia, left the London air-«tition at 8.30 a.m., on April • 4th, 1931, in a 9-tOn Armstrong- Siddeley air liner, and is due ar P rt Darwin On Aprii 19th, comj pi ring in 15 days a journey wh ; ch, by surface transport, would occupy 28 days. This outwaid-bound aeroplane from London carried, in addition to the first Australian ir mail, j rheIndian and African mails, the combined load representing a |t«>Ul of approximately 50,000. The fi.St Australian mail comprised roughly 15,000 letters. This is the first-of two experimental return air mails wnicb, by arrangement between the Poet Office, Air Ministry, and Imperial Airways, art to be flown between England and Australia. Proposals for a weekly air mail v carrying letters from England to Australia in 11 or 12 days, have been submitted by Imperial Airways, and are now under review by the Governments concerned. The route followed By this outward-bound, service to Aus tralia is via Paris, Athene, CaiiO, Bagdad, Karachi, Delhi, Calcutta, Rangoon, Singapore, and th Dutch East Indies to Port Darwin, Australia. At Port Darwid this first air mail from England will be me by an aeroplane of the Australian "Qantas" Company, and flown across Australia to Sydney and Melbourne, Sydney being reached on April 22nd. Time having been allowed for people receiving letters by the first air mail from England to reply to them, the return mail for England leaves Port Darwin on April 27th, being due in London on May 14th, A second air mail from England to Australia leaves London on April 25fb, being. due in Australia On May 10th, while a second return service leaves Australia on May 17th, and is scheduled to reach London on May 31st. It may be recalled that it is only II years since the pioneer flight between England and Australia was made by two Australian airmen, the late Sir Ross Snr.th and t>ir Keuh Smith in a e Vtckers-Rolis-Royce biplane in 28 days. 