 First Air- Mail for Australia London-Port Darwin in 15 Days, j The first 11,194 miles of Imper ial Airways air-mail, from Eng land to Australia, left the London air-stttion at 8.30 a.m., on April 4ib,1931, in a 9-tOn Armstrong- Siddeley air liner, and is due at i P rt Darwin On April 19th, cora- pi nng in id oays a journey which, by surface transport, would occupy 28 days. This outwaid-bound aeroplane from London carried, in addition to the first Australian cir mail, the Indian and African mails, the . combined load representing a jtot.il of approximately 5(1,000. I The fiist Australian mail com prised roughly 15,000 letters. This is the first of two experi mental return air mails wnicb, by arrangement between the Post Office, Air Ministry, and Imperial Airways, art to be flown between England and Australia. PropOs- jaU for a weekly air mail, carry- in.-; letters frOm England to Australia in 11 or 12 days, have been submitted by Imperial Air ways, and are now under review by the Governments concerned. The route followed by this outward-bound service to Aus tralia is via Paris, Athene, Cairo. Bagdad. Karachi. Delhi. Calmitta. Rangoon, Singapore, and the Dutch East Indies to Port Darwin, Australia. At Port Darwin this first air mail from England will be met by an aeroplane of the Australian " Qantas " Company, _ and flown across Australia to Sydney and Melbourne, Sydney being reached on April 22nd. Time having been allowed for people receiving letters by the first air mail from England to reply to them, the return mail for England leaves Port Darwin on April 27th, being due in London on May 14th, A second air mail from Eng land to Australia leaves London on April 25th, being due in Australia On May 10th, while a second return service leaves Aus tralia on May l7tb, and is sche duled to reach London on May 31st. It may be recalled that it is only II years since the pioneer flight between England and Aus tralia was made by two Austra lian airmen, the late Sir Ross Smith and Sir Keith Smith in a Vickers-Rolls-Royce biplane in 28 Ha vs. 