 RYING-8frl&EI! SCOTT EECOKD BREAKING FLIGHT Darwin-London In 10 Days 3 Hours ,. L iONDON, Friday.. 'Yfeli, Tm hanged; you've done it again.' -. ' ' A wealth of astonishment and ad miration is contained in this, the first greeting to Flying-Officer G. W. A. Scott on iiis arrival this evening, at the liympiif aerpdrome after a, record- breaking flight pi upder 11 days from AusVralfa. ''.... ?' '' ' ^: At the Hendon .air pageant to^nqr row, England will acclaim Scott as Kiiig of The England-Australia sky way. : ? : . Prpbably_..tli.e_, outstanding feat of a Aeries of £mazinjj feats which ? cbm binea to male Scott's triumph was his flight, to-day from Brin'disi. -it wag aceoinplished in tlie face of the most difficult conditions. The weather was so bad that offi cials at Lympnc had given up hope of the airman's arrival to-idght. They never for a moment thought that such a Email machine would try to cross the Channel under such conditions. Only half a dozen -officials daw a tiny machine descending fro.m the rain clouds'. They ? -watched -anxiously as it swayed ominously hef ore landing in a violent storm Of wind and rain. Mystified as to his identity, they ran to assist the nirinan to bring in his machine. The word 'Australia' tin the fuselage disclosed that it vtvls Scott. ?' ? The tall airman appeared dazed) drawn, and haggard as he clambered stiffly from 'tlie cockpit, but he smil ed his acknowledgment of the warmth of the greeting. Scott's first task was to telephone his wife in London announcing his safe arrival. He took with him his cherished golliwog mascot, the gift of his small daughter, which he carried on both flights, helped to wheel his wcalherjbeaten -machine Into tlie iden tical hangar from which it had set out to Australia, chatted with the officials for a few minutes, and left as quietly as he had arrived. GIuAD IT'S OVEE 'I am delighted to have broken the two recjrds^ but really I have only been jogging along,' Scott told his welcomcrs. He was suffering badly from cramp and deaiftess, and. his face was blister ed by the h,eat of the engine. . He emiling'y .admitted that he was ?glad that it 'was over. 'It's too far/' ie said. feelingly. «_'! natt gppd weather as tar as Singa jiore, lint from Bnngoon onwards I was fighting head winds all the way, finishing up with a heavy gals over the Continent and thunderstorms over France. 'I consider that my homeward flight was the better effort of (lie two; be cause of the difficulties owing to tiie ?breaking of the monsoons.' 