 First Air-Mat! for Australia, London-Port Darwin In 15 Days. The first 11,194 miles of Imper ial Airways air-mail, from Eng land to Australia, left the London air-«tation at 8.30 a.m., on April j 4'h, 1931, in a 9-ton Armstrong- j Siddeley air liner, and is due at P rt Darwin On April 19th, com- I pi -iing m 10 days a journey | wtveh, by surface transport, i would occupy 28 days. This outwaid-bound aeroplane from London carried, in addition to the first Australian uir mail, the Indian and African mails, the combined load representing a tot.il of approximately 50,000. ! The fi&lt;St Australian mail com prised roughly 15,000 letters. This is the first ot two experi mental return air mails wnicb, by arrangement between the Post Office, Air Ministry, and Imperial At ways, art to be flown-between England and Australia. Propos als for a weekly air mail, carry ing letters frQm England to Australia in 11 or 1& days, have been submitted by Imperial Air ways, and are now under review by the Governments concerned. The route followed .by this outw.ard-bound service to Aus tralia is via Paris, Athene, CaiiO. Bagdad, Karachi; Delhi, Calcutta, Rangoon, Singapore, and the Dutch East Indies to Port Darwin, Australia. At Port Darwin this first air mail from England will be met by an aeroplane of the Australian "Qantas" Company, and flown across Australia to Sydney and Melbourne, Sydney being reached on April 22nd. Time having been allowed for people receiving letters by the first air mail from England to reply to mem, luc iciuru man ror ningrana leaveSfPort Darwin on April 27th, being due in London on May 14th. A second air mail from Eng land to Australia leaves London on April 25th, being due in Australia om May. 10th, while a second return" service leaves Aus tralia on May 17th, and'is sche duled to reach London on May 3lst. It may be recalled that it is 0f1ly.11 years sjnee the, pioneer flight bet weeii -England and Aus tralia was made by two Austra lian airmen, the late Sir Ross Smith and xbir Keith Scnuh in a Vickers-RollsrRoyce biplane in 28 days. 