 SCOTT AT DARWIN 10 DAYS FROM LONDON Fastest Flight Ever Made DAY OFF KINGSFORD SMITH'S TIME Brilliant Feat in Tiny Plane From Our Special Representative One day ahead of Air Commodore Kingsford Smith's time, Mr. C. W. Scott arrived here after a 950 miles' hop from Bima, at 5.50 p.m. to-day, ten days out from London. The actual dif- ference in Scott's and Kingsford Smith's time was 14 hours. ference in Scott's and Kingsford Smith's time was 14 hours. Scott was first noticed flying from the north, across Shoal Bay, and he landed amid wild excitement. Many people had waited at the aerodrome all day. Scott was warmly greeted by old acquaintances at Darwin. Scott was very sunburnt, and said, "Smithy made the job very hard. I have had little or no sleep in the 10 days since I left London, at 4.55 a.m. on April 1." Scott set out to reach Darwin in 8V& days, but apparently be found the strain of the 10.000 miles' flight in his Gypsy Moth too great. He said before leaving London that he aimed to do night stages, but he did not attempt any. although on several hops he started as early as 2.30 a.m., and flew into the dawn. Scott will rest here for a couple of days, and then fly to Brisbane, to deliver his plane to his baekpr. a wealthy sheep station owner, for whom he bought the machine in London. As soon as Scott landed he asked for a cigarette. He said he was glad to have arrived, as the last stage was the worst of an. Bima was very wet when he left Scott was offered a whisky and soda, but be said be preferred beer. None was at band, so be took a sarsparffla instead. He showed the crowd his inflated lifebelt, which he bad worn during the latter stages of his flight. He carried bis baby daughter's black gollywog doll as a mascot. Toast To Hinkler He was the guest at dinner at the hotel Victoria of representatives of local business people and the Wakefleld and Shell Oil Companies. The Government Resident was also {resent. Scott's toast was to "Squadron- Leader Hinkler, the man who made the first record." Scott hopes the Timor Sea will sat up and become land, as he strongly rikHfcivi flying over it. I bad a short talk with Scott after dinner, and he said he had had a nice trip, except for the bad cross ing of the Java Valley and Sumboyna. He left Bima at 6.30 am, (Bima time), and landed at Darwin at 5.50 pjn. (Darwin time). ' "I am glad to have beaten the re cord, and enormously glad to arrive in Australia. I would not try break ing* the record again for a million pounds. This is my third trip to Dar win. I may leave on Sunday, but must rest before deciding." Scott Free of Trouble In a message to the Shell Company Scott said:—"Scott free of every trouble; cheers for the spirit of Shell; service was excellent." Scotf6 route from Darwin to Brie bane wiH be via Daly Waters, New castle Waters, Anthony's Lagoon, Cameoweal, and liongreach. Supplies of Shell spirit and Castrol have been laid at depots on the route. 