 BUTLER AT DARWIN. THE RECORD BROKEN. Nine Days from London. DARWIN, Nov. 9.-Arriving from Ku 'pang at 4.20 o'clock this afternoon, My. C. A, Butler, the Australian airman, established a new record for a flight from England to Australia. His time (after allowing for the difference of 9¿ boure between Greenwich and Darwin times) « as 9 days 1 hour 40 minutes, which is 1 hour 45 minutes less than that taken by Mr. C. W. A. Scott when he broke Air-Commodore Kingsford Smith's "record last Aprii. Butler left Lympne (England) at 5.10 n.m. on October 31, and the journey soon became a dramatic race against Scott's ' schedule. Reaching India in record time (3 days 22* hours to Karachi), Butler secured a lead of a few hours, but lost it in Burma. After a battle against head- winds, he was able to regain an advantage sufficient to enable him .barely to break Scott's record, the difference between the times for the two flights, each half way around the world, made with different machines aud under different conditions, being under two hours. Cheers from a large crowd greeted But- ler when lie landed at the Darwin aero- drome, where he was welcomed by the Mayor (Mr. Brown). His first question was: "Did I beat Scott?" and his next whether-he could send his mother à tele- gram telling her he had arrived safely. He said he should have arrived at day- break, but was delayed by strong' winds, bad visibility and rain storms. . He will leave at daylight to-morrow for Melbourne, calling on the way at Newcastle Waters . and Cootamunda. In an interview to-night. Butler «aid that the trip Was most enjoyable, and he&lt; was not fatigued in the slightest. He -was flying at 2,000ft. when ne sighted Darwin. He flew at an average of 4,500 feet over the "Timor Sea. He made the fastest time yet-4 hours 55 minutes-from .Timor to Darwin. "Record-breaking ^stunts are all bunkum now," he said. "One cannot help breaking records with such perfect machines." He reached Bima at:-2.50 p.m. .yesterday, but would- not ? run any risk of lauding at Kupang in the .dark. . ' Petrol Stolen at Akyah. He had little adventure on the trip, lie continued. He wa6 held up half a day nt Brindisi by the police, had 10.gallons of petrol stolen at Akyab and his magneto tampered with at Naples. He The picture shows the Pobjoy engine a new type-used in Mr. C. A. Sutler's Comper Swift monoplane, lt weighs only 1301b., but develops 75 horse- power. (Block by - courtesy of the Vacuum Oil Co.). was quarantined for one night at Jask on account of cholera at Basra, hie previous stopping place. He could have made « much quicker trip jf the nights had been moonlit, but he would not run the risk of disaster by flying in the dark. The worst part of the_trip was between Alla hahbad and Calcutta, monsoonal rains forcing the Dutch mail 'plane to re- main on the ground. The Calcutta aero- drome was under water when he took off. The machine was thc best he had ever known. ' He flew against strong head winds from Batavia, yesterday. He left Binia at 4.15 a.m. to-day and reached Kupang for break- fast at 9 a.m. - Butler was born in England and arrived in Australia as a baby. He is 29 years of age. He said the trip was good fun. He has received many congratulatory tele- : grams. 1 