 ANOTHER FLIGHT TO AUSTRALIA Darwin in Seven Days is Objective LONDON. October 19. The Australian Press Association learns that Mr. C. A. Butler, who is well-known in Australia as an experi enced pilot and designer, will take off from Lympne on Thursday in an at tempt to fly to Darwin in seven days. Butler will use a Cotnper Swift single seater sports monoplane, with a 65 h.p. Pobjoy engine, having a top speed of 125 m.p.h. This is a comparatively new type1 of machine, which Butler hopes tp introduce to the public by breaking Scott's record to Australia. first to deal exclusively in bonds to close its doors, has suspended opera tions because of insolvency caused 'mainly by the extraordinary depreciar tion in the prices of high-grade bonds.' Morgantown, West Virginia, a town of. 25,000 residents, and the seat of a prominent university, has been left without banking facilities with the closure of the Second National Bank, the town's third bank to close re Two' trust companies at Boston, with total deposits of more than 7,300,000 dollars, have closed 'to conserve as sets.' NEW YORK, October 15. A sensation was created today by the announcement that the special State Legislative Committee which is investigating city affairs and had un earthed much bribe-taking by Tam many leaders, has finally traced bank and brokerage accounts totalling £200.000 to Rusfiej Sherwood, financial agent and accountant for Mayor Walker. All efforts of the committee's coun sel to find Sherwood, who disappeared two months ago, have failed, and coun sel have charged Mayor Walker with keeping Sherwood out of the state in order to prevent him being ques tioned. The mayor, asked to comment, said 'I have nothing to say.' The discovery has been made at Cornell University that the missing ele ment number 87 is a solid, is highly inflammable, and is most sensitive to light. A email quantity of the ele ment has been found in samarskite, the lustrous, velvet-black mineral, by Professor Jacob Papish. A message from Mexico City says that because of 'disquieting political rumors.' the Rubio Cabinet1 resigned. Four generals who were members of it, as head of the Departments o f War, the Interior, Agriculture, and C o m m unications presented irrevoc able resignations. President Rubio selected a new Cabinet, in which ex-President Cal les will be Minis ter for War. New York circles familiar with Mexi can affairs believe that the move could have been caused only by a desperate crisis. It is felt that the action has probably .nipped an incipient revolt. The Mexican economic situation has been steadily growing worse, and Gene ral Calles; as the principal shareholder, who is known as the 'Iron Man,' has been controlling the Bank of Mexico, of which he has been the virtual finan cial dictator. He has now become the virtual military dictator as well. NEW YORK, October 17. The Consul-General for Brazil an nounced today that the cash interest payment on approximately £100,000,000 of Brazilian foreign obligations will be suspended. The payments will take the form of scrip bearing 5 per cent, interest for a period of. three years. The bulk of the obligations is held in England. The announcement is ascribed to the cause — 'The impossibility of acquiring foreign exchange for the transfer of funds.' [On September 20 it was announced that the Brazilian Government had been unable to buy sufficient exchange to provide for all interest due on Oc tober 1 on external debt.] NEW YORK, October 18. In a -speech at Yorktown, Virginia, at the celebration of the 150th anni versary of the Battle of Yorktown, President Hoover said, 'We assemble to celebrate a victory for our own inde pendence, which is not essentially a victory over the British. The long span of history will interpret the Ame rican War of Independence more in the light of a struggle among the English speaking people for the establishment, in Government of the extension of the common philosophy of human rights begun at Runnymeade.' WASHINGTON, October 16. The United States has accepted the League of Nation's invitation to sit with the League in its efforts to pre vent war in the Orient, as far as the Kellogg-Briand pact is involved. While the United States has refrained from referring to the trouble as war, and has not invoked the Kellogg-Briand pact, it has indicated it is ready to do so if the situation warrants it. VANCOUVER, October 14. The American Federation of Labor, at its annual convention here, after a long and heated debate, opposed the establishment of compulsory unemploy ment insurance in the United States. VANCOUVER, October 15. The American Federation of Labor convention today reaffirmed its stand for the legalisation of 2.75 per cent. beer in the coming session of Congress. Two motions attempting to obtain the Federation's support for the repeal of the Volstead Act and the Eighteenth Amendment were defeated. President William Green, Secretary Frank Morrison, Treasurer Martin Ryan, and eight vice-presidents were unanimously re-elected by the fede ration. SEATTLE, October 15. Miss Helene Madison broke her own world's record for a mile swim by covering the distance in 23 min. 37 1-5 sec, in an exhibition here. PARIS, October 14. Mussolini, in an article in 'Les An nales,' pays a striking tribute to British backbone in the crisis. He declares— 'After the first stupor caused by the suspension of the gold stan dard had passed, the world realised that sterling was .much -more able to defend itself. British finances are guaranteed by almost unlimited re sources. Confidence in British strength and, financial integrity is world- wide. The hurricane will be shortlived, and a gradual return to calm is assured.' PARIS, October 16. Immense destruction has been done in the French potato fields by the ravages of the Colorado beetle. Two million five hundred thousand tons of potatoes have been lost in Brittany alone. It is feared that the total loss may Be 15,000,000 tons. The value of the crops already destroyed is £18,000,000. Though the Government voted £1,800,000 last year to combat the pest, more will be needed this year, as tomatoes and cabbages are also affec ted. PARIS, October 17. Discussing President Laval's coming visit to the United States, 'Le Matin' says that there are no rigid doctrines as far as debts are concerned. While America inclines to a moratorium, France thinks that method has grave disadvantages. On the other hand, a 50 per cent, reduction would give real relief* PARIS, October 18. The city awoke today to find hoardings on the boulevards placarded with anti-Socialist posters showing Great Britain and Australia as hor rible examples. These were issued by the Right Wing parties in connection with the cantonal elections on Sun day. One declares that Australia has become a. country of misery because of the Socialist regime. ' Dr. Voronoff , of monkey gland fame, claims successfully to have grafted a human cancer on to a monkey, the similarity of whose blood to that of a human being makes it more valuable than that of other animals. He says that he will multiply the experiment with a view to a search for an anti cancer serum. BERLIN, October 17. The Graf Zeppelin left Friedrichs hafen this morning on its third flight to Pernambuco (Brazil), carrying 17 passengers. Captain Lehmann is in command. BERLIN. October 18. As a counterblast to the Reichstag's renewal of confidence in the Chancel lor (Dr. Bruening), Herr Hitler, the Nazi leader, and the ex-Kaiser's 6on August, this afternoon reviewed 80,000 Nazis, who goose-stepped at Brunswick to the Kaiser's favorite airs. Herr Hitler dedicated 24 new stan dards:— 'The last dedications before our definite ascent to oower.' BERLIN, October 19. Five are dead and 18 injured as a result of a fire damp explosion at Mount Genis colliery, at Bochum, Prussia. It is feared that 60 to 80 men are entombed in the galleries. The whole of the Ruhr rescue organi sation was hurried to the mine. The police formed a cordon to exclude fran tic dependents of those missing^ VIENNA, October 17. An Hungarian merchant, Sylvester Matuschka, arrested in connection with the wreck of the BudapestCol ogne express on September 13, is re ported to have confessed that he wrecked the Basle-Berlin express on August 10, and attempted to wreck an Austrian express last whiter. He said he perpetrated all the outiages alone, and had designed similar at tempts for the near future .on lines near Amsterdam, Paris, Marseilles, and Ventimiglia (Italy). The police believe that his confes sion is reliable. He is not a Commu nist. ' His mental condition will be examined. 'When the .Basle-Budapest express was wrecked, a note was found at tached to a fuse, after a tremendous explosion that did great damage. It read 'We will repeat this in another month. Let everybody understand we have powerful associates, who are everywhere at our disposition.' CAPE TOWN, October 13 Mr Arthur Kimber, a taxi-driver, was engaged by a man and woman in Pleter maritzburg on September 21, and the same night his body was found on the Durban-road. The car was discovered abandoned six miles farther on. Today Richard Mallalieu, son of a Lancashire cotton manufacturer and brother of the Oxford Rugby blue, -and Mary Tolputt, daughter of a doctor, were arrested here and charged with the murder of Kimber. Mallalieu has been studying sheep farming. SUVA, October 14. The Legislative Council was opened yesterday by the Governor (Sir Arthur Fletcher), who, in his speech, reiected the popular d«mand 'for a reduction of salaries. He said that the Budget would.be balanced by a email retrenchment of staffs and . by curtailing public works and steamer subsidies. It is expected that the elected mem bers of the Council at the meeting on Monday will advocate a reduction of civil servants' salaries. -No Increased taxation has been proposed. General Calles 