 5C0TT LEAVES FOR 5 DARWIN. \fter England - Australia Record. lopes to Arrive in Eight Days. LONDON, Tuestluy. Flying-Officer C. W. À. Scott loft lij-mpno nt 5 a.m. to-dny for Aus tralia, j« an attempt to recapturo flic record talton from him by Mr. C. A. Butler, whose timo stands at !) (lay-1* 1 '10Ur ^2 minutes. Scott's previous time was 9 days 3 hours :>5 minutes, and prior to that Air Commodore Kingsford Smith held tho record, in 0 days 21 hours 25 minutes. Scott must reach Darwin at 4.12 p.m. marwin time) on 28th inst, to equal Butler's record. 'Scott also held thc record from Aus ralia to England, his time being 10 Íays 3 hours 20 minutes. This was pre ¡ously in the possession of Kingsford milli. 5lr. X A. Mollison then entered io lists, and How from Darwin to Eng md i» S days 21 hours 25 minutes., ecciitly Mollison captured tho Eng nd-Capetoivn record, doing tho jour y iii 4 days 10 hours. WEATHER FORECAST GOOD. . Hitill, when interviewed nt Lympne Ir.rt night, said .the weather forecast r!'rs dc/iiiilely good oil Australia. He jill not want to start too carly in the morning, or ho would get too far south before dawn. "1 shall then have throe days with a »(inil moon, which will be a great Irin," he said. Ile is using tho same machine in wliieh he flew from Australia last year, anti is carrying 100 gallons of petrol. [Thc machine has a range of 1700 miles. I Asked if ho would keep his bargain Ito have dinner with Mollison on his return, he said: "Certainly. I have liiul a incssago from Jimmy to-day, wishing nio the best of luck." Scott intends to try to roach Darwin in eight days. TEDDY BEAR AS MASCOT. Ho said that as Butler broko his re cord hy 10,'J minutes, ho must gain a minute every hundred miles to recover it. A following breeze helped Scott to the first stop at Brindisi. Ile is carrying ii teddy bear mascot, which belongs to his daughter. Wearing plus 1'uurs, .Scott jumped into tho machine, shouting, "Cheerio, everybody." He took two flasks of lui ami colTee and a package of mails from bord Wakefield, who will provide a dinner for Mollison und Scott. Tho /alter hopes to rellim emly in Jone. 