 [?] Plans for Non-Stop Flight. - — T» »' ? . - . - ? , . London, Monday. — The aviation expert of the ^aily Express' exclusively announces tUat plans are in formation for making the ^ greatest flight to, Australia yet .- attempted^- contii!uous -day and .?; Bight, Jying,/,.. ^ .._ y.^-.; :. Ifj is jelpected to icover tiie ? 10,450^ miles from JOympne to I-arwin in five days. Ou^t^hdin^g aviatorjS are arranging a schjeme f or the early spring, under the leadership of a : world-famous Englishman, The continuous flight will be made possible by refuelling en route with tanker machines, which will supply both petrol and food. . A special isingle-engmed biplane is being constructed for the venture, in which high speed will be saprificed for reliability. The designers have^iSe cided on 'a single radial air-cooled en gine of the latest type in preference '? to the multiple engines, because ex -. perience has shown that the former can run ceaselessly, practically unat tended, for loop hours, .while the mul tiple engines multiply the risk of en gine trouble. ; : \ ??. ?_;/-. ?-.;?'.* The .project is amply supported financially. Several thousands of pounds have -already been spent in the preliminary work. The chief con cern is a perfect 'plane in every tech nical detail, with a view to obtaining , the non-stop record for Britain. The training of tanker- pilots will begin in January.- The actual route will only be chosen after the trial cf special machines. ^ The Inhisfaii paper says: Lost from the women's dressing shed at the Bay, some four or five years ago, an opal brooch was recovered in pecu liar circumstances. While she was on a visit to the resort nearly five years agro, the jewellery was taken from the/dresl of the -owner, iand all ef-8~ forts £6 locate; it failed. When, on another visit ii^ecently, the lady was digging a hole in the sand to amuse her small son, her attention was at tracted, by. an object which she had struck. It ^proved, to be the missing brooch. t. The doctor ,who refused to accept lessons in deportment from Vertris, famous European dancing master, by way of fees, was les.s accommodating — or duller of wit — than one |pf his colleagues who was once summoned in haste by * Meissonier, the artist, and found that his services were re-, quired, not for the painter or any member of his family, but for a dog. The doctor swallowed the slight, but when the question of fee arose he deprecated the idea of taking money from the artist. 'No,' he said, 'my garden gate needs painting. Come and do that and we shall be quits!' 