 AMBITIOUS PROJECT England-Australia Non-Stop Flight Lympne to Darwin in Five Days LONDON, November 20. The "Daily Express" exclusively announces that plans are now being made for the greatest flight to Australia yet attempted. It is expected that by con tinuous day and night flying the 10,450 miles from Lympne to Port Darwin will be covered in five days. Outstanding aviators are arranging the scheme and It Is proposed to make the flight In the , early spring. The leader Is a world-famous Englishman. Continuous flight will be made possible by refuelling from, tanker machines along the route which will supply both petrol and food. A special biplane Is being se cretly constructed for the adventure. High speed features will he sacrificed to reliability. The designers of the machine have decided on a single radial air-cooled engine of the latest type in preference to multiple engines because experience has shown that the former can run ceaselessly prac tically unattended for 1,000 hours, while the multiples multiply the risks of engine trouble. The project Is amply supported fin ancially and several thousands of pounds already have been spent on the preliminary work. The chief con cern Qf those responsible Is a plan perfect In every technical detail vlth a view to obtaining a non-stop record for Britain. The training of pilots for the tankers will begin In January. The actual route will not be chosen until after trials .with the special machine. Praise for Airwoman LONDON, November 20. The King telegraphed Miss Amy Johnson as follows; "Heartiest con gratulations on your splendid achieve ment. I trust you are not too ex hausted." In a broadcast this afternoon, which was relaid to London, Miss Johnson said she undertook the. flight as a test of endurance. She slept overnight on the flight to Australia. Now she had flown day and night and still was quite fresh and ready to re turn. Tributes of admiration from all over the world have reached Miss Amy Johnson at Cape Town. Among them are messages from the Secre tary of State for Air (Lord London derry) and the Royal Aeronautical Society. Several world flyers, In cluding Mrs. Amelia Earhart- Putnam and Enrich Costes, are among those who have expressed admiration of her really remarkable flight. Although she had only five hours' sleep during the trip, Miss Johnson made up for this last night by sleep ing for 14 i hours. Her machine, a I De Havilland Putt Moth, behaved magnificently throughout the trip and Is still In perfect condition. 