 SCOTT FLYING OUT AGAIN. ' HIS AMBITION. ENGLAND TO DARWIN IN EIGHT DAYS. . LONDON, lOtli April. C. W. A. Scolt loft Lympno for Austra lia ut 5 a.m. ;to-dny, llo is ; tiying to ranch Darwin in eight (luys, and llnla heal Butler's record — 0 days -.1 hutir. 12 minutes. Wearing phut fours. Jjcoit jitmpcu iuio his tnncliinc, shouted '.'Cheerio ovoiybody," and was off. Ho look -two flasks of tea and coffee, ntid "u 'paekngo of ntntls from Lord , 'Wnkcficld. , He ltopcs to : reliirn early ill Juno., ; Scott said that as Butler had, broken his record liy 102 minutes ho must, .gain one minute in -croty 100 miles lit order to recover it. 1 ,. A following breeze helped Scott. He pnsscd,"over .Paris -at fl.50 a.m., atid Briu- disi wiji ho his firot stop.; )lo is eari'.viug as a mascot his littlo dauglitor s toddy .bear doll.- ' ' '-' , , In an interview, at Lympno last night, MnS.i' ii... \vn« defi nitoiy good. Ho (lid not want to start too early in the morning or get loo far south before dnwn. lie would then have' three days" witli a good moon , which would lie h great, iielp.. Ho is using tlic same luaeiiiiie in wliich lie ilew froni Australia last year, ami trill carry 100 gal lons of petrol'-nic plane has u range of 1700 miles. . i ; , , , '.Scott nnd Mollison made a unique "bar. gnih nt Lympnc' on lfith March— thnt. oneli would break a big flying record, return to London and meet (to celebrate their achievements nt n dinner for two,, Molli son lins already perfornied ills part of the bargain by breaking Miss Peggy Sain- innn's T.oiulon-Capn record. Lord Wake field will' provide Hie dinner. Asked ir lie would keep his .bargain witli1 Mollison, " Scott ! replied, '"Certainly. received a message from J imiuy lu-iluy, ivisbing me the best of .hick."; Autogyro Flight tq the Cape. : tnrltlsli omclnl Wlroless.l 1 tifr, J. N. Young, formerly nn Air Force pilot, intends to lly to South Africa in nn autogyro. This will "he tiio first long (iiBtnnco autogyro flight, and ns the mn- chine is designed for safety,. not speed, lie is. not attempting liny records. He thinks tlint as the autogyro is nblo lo dis pense witli large binding grounds it is specially suitablo for flying in undeveloped country. French Attack on Cape Kecord ' . PARIS, mh April. . Captain Cioulelle and J.iculciiant Snlel, wlio left Lu Boiirget on Sunday iu a 300 horse-power Fnrninii-Lorrnino monoplane iu an attempt lo break J. A.JMollison's record for the flight to Cnpctown via the West Const; hnvb reached ColomtiJ) cellar (Morocco), linving covered 1130 milcH in 1194 hours. They arrived at Niamey last night. 