 ROYAL DUTCH AIR LINES PROPOSAL: DARWIN-LONDON 11 DAYS. , No Subsidy or Guarantee Required. Most Australian business men returning from the East fully realise the vast possibilities of an export trade with Dutch East Indies, within the territorial bound aries of which live upwards of seventy-five million people, a vast market merely awaiting development, and geographically, unqu estionabfy Australia's. ACTUALLY. It was also with tho t' Idea o£ fostering tills trade tliut 1 the Royal Dutch Airlines (K.L.M.) presented to the Commonwealth Gov ernment, through their Aultrallan re presentatives (Reyal Packet Naviga tion Company) their proposals for the conveyance of malls from Australia to London. ' When It Is considered that, with such a service, communication be tween Australia and Java would bo a matter of only two days as against 12 by steamer, tliero remains little doubt that It would be of inestimable value in the building up of an oxpoi|. trade betwoen Australia and the Dutch East-Indies, and further In tho development of friendly and neigh borly relations botweon these coun trios. Neighborly Gesture. Fully realising, however, that tho ultimate requirements of both Auatri lia and Britain would be an "all-Bri tish" air service connection, K.L.M. i point out that their proposals are in j 'no way intended to prejudice this, and rthat they would like their offer to be regarded as a friendly and nelgn [borly gesture of goodwill, designed to I* co-operate fully n4th both countries in speeding up mail communication j whilst no other Buch air service ex ists, and with Australia in further 1 stimulating the already thriving ex port trade with the Dutch East tu dies. In this connection, ft Is also pointed out that the offer does not in any way aim at securing a monopoly or oven a contract. Briefly, tho proposals as submittei to the Commonwealth Government al low for the establishment of a weekly air mall service each wa^y betwoen cither North-West Australia, Koopan^, or Java anil London, uUtttlng on Octo ber 1, 1932. Tho distance between North-West Australia and London can normally bo llown In 11 days. Malls aro to bo carried strictly .on a poundage basis, without any subsidy or gunranteo wliatover. Tlio proposed alr-cliargo Is an attractlvo one', wblch, alter allowing £or a reasonable remun eration for convoyanco from Southern capitals to Darwin or Wyndliam, would leave a handsomo pvollt to tho P.M.G.'s (Department, Further, tho poundage rato required for tho transport of tho malls would bo on a reducing Blldlng scalo, according to llio quantity of mall offering. Tn other words, tho proposals aro entirely on a self-sup porting basis, that Is to sny, only tho actual users pay for tho sorvlco. By virtue of Its already well-estab lished servlco between Batavla and Amsterdam, Holland, ewhlcli has boon In operation two years, tho company ( is well organised and equipped to effi ciently carry out tho project without In any way burdening the Govern ments of either country financially. Tho Postmaster-General In Holland hn&rbecn in communication with the Postmaster-General's Department Australia, and It la expected that I some announcement In this connec tion will shortly -bo made. The machines used on Ihe K.L.M. route aro all tbrec-onglncd Foltkor monoplanes; each Is equipped with two-way wireless communication and I carries two pilots and a mechanic- ( wireless operator. j I Tho ground organisation of tho K.L.M. throughout the route Is highly efficient, which is another nnd very | Important factor In the sueeossful operation of Its sorvlces. Incidentally, tho K.L.M. service flies jtbo longest unbroken commercial air route In tho world. 