 BERTRAM AT DARWIN. IX TWO "HOPS." Ifflft. FLIGHT BEGINS TO-DAY. tweet to Reach London in 6_ Days. nVRVV ^ sund.it - 1 he Gemini nu n Cal tim Hans Uti ti am and ins lehef caot (Al, l, L Allan) lett Alice Spnngs. thick tin« inched fiom Melbourne on i, |a» at lnh i ii-t j o'clock tlu» morning " n sic p li -ht to D it it m Tliet p loscd ' r Pine deck it 1 o'clock, and tur.icd ' Pi mu it five minutes past 2 o'clock r e» mule i pel lect landing and spent Hie ,_", " in icfuclling Thej expect to lu e it J»> Utrht "" Motidaj foi then at ttjrt to I««-ile tlie 'ecoid foi a flight to ¿_in II'th l|ll-ia look in perfect con rU" md t'l«-1 "ele Pneu a hcaitv le M ,ou i,» i luce eiovvd Ja thus unking Darwin in two "hop»' !"_ Mt'hoiuiic the airmen did what no [.»it- mat is line done It was an au.pi (û". lit.inniiiu' to then lentute In then J.nler» mt tiophne Vtlnntis thej hope to Jc't't Lindon m -\ and a hnlt dtijs HIT FLOCK OF «OATS. Mishap to Hebert's Machine. BHIs-V\l Sundij - 'Hie Picuch PiaaJtin atntoi. Ali J Hebert, who re tjtlj armed it Durum aftei a flight fiom ("'and tiishtd halt n mile fiom the Clon aro Po't-oflice »entetdat moi mug He n. tontiniim. Ins flight, and was bound foi Btitbane He landed safelj. but the ma ,«-e »ned ilong the giound at high speed uJ ran into t flock ot goats Tile undo !_n-t (l ''10 aeroplane was »mashed, rd the mulline was badly dimnged II Inator himself hott et el, escaped injiuj Mr. Hmkler's New Flight. Uaves foi Austialia on Wednesday. LCVXDOX, Dec 0 Mr lint H u! In Hie -Vtistililian .linn in wJlirolnblv lent Ihiglnnd on Wedncsiltj (.a lin-nu - tlvhl to Hie Commonwc dib Whether he will ti J to establish a new rtcorl tnll depmd upon the pt ogress ii, tuUa o» '»s in--t two long stages afttr «?hull he miLht hate to do a lot oi iijing (i iiooiilmht Mr» Huiklet suled fiom London bj the fiB.itit i m Notimhet IS Miss Johnson Leaves Cape Town. CARL TOWN, Dec 11. Mi«s Vin Johnson (Alis Mollison) left | ii i o clock this mot nmg in peifect wind- le summci »»cithei on lue ittempt to leu. the i ml mi the lioithwuu! flight ha Cape l'un t" J-ii-'lnnil Aliss John itrwenth htoke the letotd lot the south nrd fli.lit ¡»he i» i« tuen i most enthusiastic fuie «¡lb» tlwiisit »I« ot spei titois inaiij being . n.nin^ lilias, uni the nutlioitticb had patdiliitultv ni ile nilli.'the lcrodiomc h »n mu i tie« on tin .leioiliomc- Aliss| J hu on «ni tint slu hid no doubt u hut i_ lim »lit would bictk Hie leeottl, idd 1'ie niiehine and 1 know each | iib- _ 