 TO DARWIN IN 8 DAYS Scott Off Again VETERAN PLANE Seeks To Regain Record: Good Start Special Cable To "The Advertiser" LONDON, April 19. Climbing into the cockpit of his Gipsy Moth machine at Lympne aerodrome at 5 this morning, Mr. C. W. A. Scott started on his attempt to regain the London to Australia record recently wrested from aim by Mr. Arthur Butler, who, to a tiny Comper Swift monoplane, covered the distance In 9 days 2 hours 29 minutes. Scott was sighted passing' over Paris at 6.30. He is using the same machine as that In which he established his re cords to and from Australia. Both have since been broken, one by Batter, and that between Australia and London by Mr. J. A. Molllson, who reduced his time to 8 days 21 hours 25 minutes. Scott Intends to reach Australia in eight days. He left this morning wearing plus fours, and with a casual Mr. C. W. A. Scott "Cheerio, every body" to the few spectators, new Into the dawn. He carried two flasks of tea and coffee and has a package of mails from Lord Wakefield. Dinner For Two A few weeks ago Scott entered into an agreement with Molllson that each would break a record—Molllson that to the Cape, and Scott that to Ays- tralia—and that on their return to London they would celebrate with a dinner for two. Mollison has ful filled his part of the contract, hav ing flown to the Cape in 4 days 19 hours, and Scott is confident that he can do his share. When he was re minded of the bargain he said, "It is still on. We hope to have the dinner when I return from Australia early in June. Jimmy sent me a message yesterday wishing me the best cfl luck." He said he had waited until he had! reports that the weather was defi nitely good. -I didn't want to start too early in the morning, or get too far south before the dawn," he said. "I shall have three nights of good moon, and that will be a great help. I am carrying 100 gallons of petrol, which will give me a range of 1,700 miles. "As Arthur Butler broke my record by 102 minutes I must gain a minute on his time every 100 miles if I am to beat him." Scott planned to make his first stop at Brindisi, a hop of about 1,100 miles. He carried as a mascot a teddy bear belonging to his daughter. ME. C. W. A. SCOTT in the plane in which he is now flying to Australia. His wife is also seen in this picture. 