 ANXIETY OVER HINKLER GROWS AFTER 3 DAYS' SILENCE FRUILTLESS SEARCH BY FRENCH FLIERS Airman's Friends Think He is Far on Way to Darwin WORLD AGOG FOR NEWS "'News" Special Representative) LONDON, January 9. Anxiety for the safety of Bert Hinkler, the daring Australian airman, is increasing. Nothing has been heard of him since, at 3 a.m. on Saturday, his Puss Moth roared through the ground mist at Fairey's Aerodrome, Feltham, and disappeared into the moonlight above, heading south east for Australia. But his closest friends still believe he is safe and now far on his way to Australia. This view is shared by his wife, according to a message from Auckland, New Zea land, where she is staying for a few weeks on her way to Sydney. French airmen have voluntarily searched a large area between Marseilles and Lyons, without result. Hinkler's secrecy about his route has hampered anything like a gene ral search for him. FOUR GIANT HOPS TO AUSTRALFA Hinkler's plane has a top speed of 1i7 miles an hour. He carried petrol for 20 hours' flying, and thus could make hopsi of a'bout 2,740 miles. When he left it was thonzht he intended - to attempt the flight in four giant- hops, hlicb would bring him to Australia on llednesday. HIinkler has not landed at any emer Leny aerodro me in Italy, an Italian Air Ministry official told "The Times" corres ppndent. The official said Hinkier tad not applied for a permit to fly over Italy, and the' British Air Ministry had not asked for a search to be made. The .British Air Ministry said today Tinkler did not need a permit because Italy was a member of the international air convention. "AnSyway," said the British official. "we do not know Hinkler's route. He might be Ili ing over Germany. So it is rather diffi cult to ask anyone to search." Hinkler's dramatic departure was deseribed to.. '"he ItewsI' represenita -TIifZ"today by Capt. Lingham, a sky writer and a flier known in Australia. "It was 1 a.m. on Friday." he said, "when Hinkler telephoned Major Savage and myself from the hangar where he kept his plane, saying -he was starting ih a few hours, and asking us to assist his departure. "We arrived at Fairey's Aerodrome at 1 a.m. on Saturday. and found the ground mist so thick that motor car' lights were i invisible a few yards away. The condi tions improve -a little later, and we arranged for motor cars with lights blaz ina- to illuminate the fairway. "Previously we asked Hinkler about passing the Customs; and he replied. 'That's all right. They will be here.' 'The Customs officers had not arrived as Hinkler climbed into -the plane, and we then learned-and it was typical of his usual taciturnity-that he had passed the Customs at Croydon Aerodrome on Friday. -''Major Savage, who was watching at the - end of the illuminated stretch 300 3ard5 from the .start, heard the enrine roaring through the mist and caught a faint glimpse of the plane 25 ft. aloft going strong into the moonlight above. "So far as we know Hinkler has, not 'been seen since." said Capt. Lingham. At II p.m. tonight, 68 hours after Hinkler hopped off for Australia, the Air Ministry officially stated that no report about him had been received. Iu the absence of news from the recog nised air routes to Australia, some of Hinkler's friendscare speculating that he might have attempted a different record, possibly to Capetown. but it is difficult to reconcile this theory with his acceptance of messages from Major Savage for Aus tralia. But Hinkler's most optimistic admirers think he may have landed at little-known aerodromes on an unusual route, and may not report till he reaches. Java, or even Australia. - Hinkler May Have Flown. Oven Russia to India Has Bert Hinkler broken new ground by taking a route through Ruasia--to India and then on to Australia! Mr. H. B. Russey,_an Adelaide pilot; who raised this point in a chat with a '"ews" reporter yesterday. says it is possible that finkler -has stolen a march on other world fliers by taking the new- route. If he had delayed his dephrture until March Mr. Husaey would have had no Besitation in thinking that the flier had taken the route through Russia. "It has often struck me as strange that fliers to Australia have preferred the longest route, and one over mountainous countries, to that through Russia," said Mr. Hussey. "There is a probability of striking bad weather over Russia at this time of the year. but the conditions should be good after March. It is the shortest route to India. and in addition, there is only one mountain range to cross. 'All the non-stop fliers have used that route. and I think it will be found when the. England-Australia air service gets really going the Russian route will be used. "'The distance should be covered in fopr days without much trouble by travelling that. way." SIn spite of the likelihood of striking bad weather; 'Mr. Hussey said. it 'is possible thatTiinkler may have taken the shorter route. The flier's plane has a flying ringe of aliout 2,500 miles, axid 'if he travielied over Russia this range would take him to the Cascian Sea. uinkler is the "mystery: man" of the air, so other Adelaide fliers say, and it is possible that be may have landed at some out of the way vlace to refuel and then continued his: flight. If he is continuing his journey it would have been necessary for him to have refuelled- at the end df 24-hours. The easiness with which fliers can ob tain supplies -on the England-Australia route was explained by Adelaide officials of an oil company today. Supplies- are laid down along the route, and - there would be no necessity for special arrange ments to be made. All the flier ineed do is to obtain the equivalent to a letter of credit from the London office 'of the company. and he would be suppilied with fuel at any station alonig the way. This would make it possible for -a flier on *a secret journey to get through without- difli cultv. Melbourne Airman Describes Little-known Route .IIELBOURNE, Tuesday.--One of. the luost direct routes that Hinkler could have taken over Europe- on his flight to Aus tradia is that followed by Mr. Richard Alien, a Melbourne merchant, on - his ]eisurely flight to Australia last Septem ber. It -will be remembered that little news of Mr. Allen's flight reached England or Australia, and there were long periods hen it was not known how he was pro gressing, or whether he was safe: In mest cases news of Allen's progress was received only through cables sent by hum self. Mr. Allen today referred to various rei lures of the flight. which might affect Hinkler's position. Be said that the route he took was a direct one throuzh Brussels. Cologne. Vienna. Budapest, Sofia, Constantinople, and Aleppo. "I do not think that Hinkler would have come down anywhere near any of those towns without news reaching the outside world," said Mr. Allen. "But if he took that route it must be remembered that he would ha'e the hich Taurus Mountains. between Constanti Lople and Aleppo. in Asia Minor. to -erse," said MIr. Alen. "I crossed these mountains in the autumn. when conditions were geod. but zorw ther may be covered with fog and cloud. They reach an average height of 7.000 ft. Then there is a desert which extends fromn the mounntains -down to Aleppo. and atter that the great expanse of Persia. "I do not think that Huikier has come to anY harmt, but if he landed in these places it. may be some time before word of -his safety reaches one of- the main towns," he said. MirKAllei said -hethought Hiikler would either take the latter p rt of his route or go down south to North Africa to escape thei rugged mountains between Brindisi and Constantinople. and then turn east to Aleppo. BERT HILKLER, one of the world's most famous airmen. 