 LONDON TO DARWIN. THREE DAYS' FLIGHT. Pilot Brain's Prediction. TOWNSVILLE. March 31.—Pilot Lester Brain, the well-known Qantas airman, was asked in Townsville this afternoon for his views on the £10,- 000 air race from England to Aus- tralia. "The offer of this prize money," said Pilot Brain, "will probably at- tract the interest of the large air- craft manufacturing works in the world, and will reveal what the pre- sent practical speed record between London and Australia really is. It must be realised that the records that have been established to date have been individual efforts and are the records of the pilots' endurance. Un- less the conditions impose restric- tions, I will predict that the success- ful machine in this race will reach Darwin from London in three days and will be in Melbourne in four days. At the present time there are fast mail-carrying machines avail- able on the market which can main- tain a speed of approximately 200 miles an hour. A machine of this type, capable of carrying sufficient fuel to get ten hours' flhying and manned by two pilots, could fly ten hours, land, and spell for two hours for refuelling and checking over the machine and engine, then take off and fly through the night for another ten hours, arriving at the next step- ping place some time after daybreak and again landing for two hours. The pilots would take it in turns to fly for three hours and rest for three hours; this would mean that, without any undue strain, the machine would cover 4000 miles within 24 hours; and since the distance from London to Darwin is 10,000 miles, Darwin should be reached on the third day, provided the ground organisation is well established and the weather conditions encountered are reason- able. Melbourne from Darwin is ap- proximately 2000 miles, so that, even allowing for a short hold up, Mel- bourne should be reached within four days. It can be expected, therefore, that there will no be solo entries in the race; it will be a matter of bit aircraft firms backing their own par- ticular entry and selecting two ex- perienced pilots suitable for the flight. The race will give a stimulus to the development of fast aerial mail machines, and fast aerial mail repre- sents one of the biggest avenues for solid development in aviation in the next few years." 