 RACE TO AUSTRALIAA DARWIN IN TWO DAYS? U.S. Speed Superiority. (Australlan Cable Service.) LONDON, September 27. Avlatlon 'clreles consider that Am erican 'planes are likely to outclass the existing Brltlsh ,machines in an open air-race to Australia. It. is emphaslsed that the event Is still so remote that It is impossib!e to discuss a definite programme. The Empire's best chance is in a han dlcap race. If the 'Empilre wants to win an open event it must build 'planes with a cruising speed of at least 200 miles an hour, costing £15, 000 to £ 20,000. SAn Australian airman, Pilot Mat thews, said to-day that the race should be won by a 'plane reaching Darwin in two dayd, Dozens of Anglo-Australlan airmen are anxious to enter, and are seeking ba'cking, but minufacturers, In *view ot the superiority of the speed of American machines, -are not enthus listic. It is considered in some quart es that the Amerlcans will .not enter, as their markets are mainly China and South America, and therefore they would gain little from a race t?'Austraila. :2 khe Texaco Clompa?iy is reputed to be backing. Hawks. Shell Company pbssibly will supply petrol and ol .to Doollttle aiid Sir Charles Kingstord Smith. Someexpect Gfyseendorffer, sen lor;'.with Kim as pilot, to fly a three engined Ponder~ witha .high cruslalng speid. Other Dutcb pilots will use the pl0ker 72, with a ? u ising peed'of 160 miles an 4hour. DUTCH *DA1NGEROUS. It je emphalised elseWhere that the Dutich will prdbabit'tf "tner busy toJ cmpete, as they. will -be occupied in 19M8 ana uring 194 An an attempt to reduce. the time frotm Amsterdam! to Batavia from eight and a-half days t-o six, and theln to.lour days. They1 are arrangbig experimental compar ative flights in -which Guysendorffer ??d ,Beholte, using a Pande" and Fok-, r i'plane respectively, will particl pate. iThls is conslderel to hbe the Dutch reply to the Anglo-A?tIstrallan air mail devejopment. should the .Dutch com pete they will be the most dangerous, bl8ipse of their expert knowledge of tie route. :Sir Charles Kingseord Smith hopes to leave next week securing the ad V?antage of the lull .moon to avold the _ecesslty of 'an early morning take oL?f. He has been daily "borrowing" a 'plane, at Heston, and flying to,Bris tol toinspect his new machine, which is pleasing although 'he isto disappolnt-; dd that a Napier engine is. at present unavailable. The Gipsy engine, replac ing it, will ensure a speed of 125 miles .an hour. Slr Charles expresses his willingness, to fly any high powered machine in the centenary race. He .hopes that atl enterprising ,manufacturer will see the advantages of participation, and open a fund.for an adequately engined 'plane on which there' should *be an immediate start "t .have climbed all over the Fokker FeO, which is the last word in the fastest mall passenger 'plane in exis tence, capable of reducing the Am sterdam to Batavia time to six days without night flying. The Pander freak might reach 180 miles an hour," he added. 