 IN THREE DAYS. LONDON TO DARWIN. CENTENARY AIR RACE. That the winners of the Melbourne Centenary Air Race should reach Dar- win three days after leaving London, and arrive at Melbourne on the fourth day, is the opinion of prominent Queensland aviators. "At present, three days' flight from London to Darwin is an irreducible minimum," Mrs, H. B. Bonney, the Brisbane aviatrix who recently flew from Australia to England, said yes- terday. In her opinion the "hop" from Darwin to Melbourne, via Charleville, should occupy not more than 24 hours. As the issue of the race would depend upon hours-not days-she believed that the inclusion of Charleville in the route was a mistake. There was no reason why the flight from Darwin to Melbourne should not be direct. The accomplishment of the flight from London to Melbourne in four days would necessitate the use of a machine with a minimum cruising speed of 200 miles an hour, and Britain had not yet produced a machine of the type required. Suitable craft could be obtained in the United States of America, but the fact that the race was not confined to British people, and that competitors could use machines not of British manufacture, constituted a flaw in the conditions. There was no reason why Britain could not produce a suitable machine in time for the race, she added. Unfortunately for Empire aviation the people of Great Britain were not taking much interest in the Centenary Air Race. During her recent visit to England she had heard only a couple of comments on the race, and they lacked enthusiasm. 20 HOURS A DAY. "The winners of the race should reach Darwin before the end of the third day, and be in Melbourne on the fourth," said Pilot L. j. Brain, of Qantas, Ltd., who said that the race would be a test for machines carrying a crew of two. Pilots flying solo would have no chance. "The machines must have a cruis- ing speed of 200 mile-; an hour, and should be capable of travelling 20 hours out of the 24," Mr. Brain emphasised. That allowed for 10 hours flight, and for landing, refuelling, and checking the engine twice a day. By that means 4000 miles a day could be cov- ered without undue strain. 3½ DAYS SUGGESTED. Pilot Ronald Adair, of Aircrafts Pty., Ltd., expressed the opinion that machines of a cruising speed of 200 miles an hour and a range of at least 2000 miles would be used. These ma- chines could be procured at the pres- ent time, and, provided refuelling were not carried out while in flight, it was quite within the realms of possibility that the journey from London to Mel- bourne could be completed in 84 hours, or about 3½ days, by flying night and day, with relief pilots. This he rec- koned by allowing for seven stages of 2000 miles each, and estimating the speed at 200 miles an hour the bare flying time would take 70 hours. Al- lowing for six stops of two hours each for refuelling, the elapsed time would be 82 hours, and to this he added two hours for contingencies. Such an achievement would call for absolutely favourable conditions, perfect ground organisation, and 100 per cent, air and motor efficiency. It was more than likely that some setbacks would lengthen the time to five days. In response to a question Mr. Adair said that, like most other pilots, he would like to have a chance of competing in the race, and would gladly accept any invitation to pilot a 'plane. GROUND ORGANISATION. In the opinion of Mr. W. W. Pike, a war pilot, who has been flying since 1916, it would require a machine cap- able of covering the route in from three and a half to four days to win. He said be considered there were two types of aeroplanes at the present time which were capable of achieving this, one, an American make, being the Lockheed, and the other the Boul- ton and Paul machine, manufactured in England. He thought the Ameri- can machine would be slightly faster than the other, having a cruising speed of about 200 miles an hour. If competitors contemplated refuelling In the air it would prove very expen- sive, and the main factor in success would be efficient ground organisation, particularly the lighting of aerodromes at night time. 