 GIRL FLIER'S GREAT RECORD Miss Batten Takes 15 Days From London AMY JOHNSON'S TIME BEATEN "Adventurous Trip In Frightful Weather" SUCCESSI ON THIRD ATTEMPT DARWIN, May 23. "Thank Heaven I am here. It is nice to be in the Southern Hemisphere again," said Miss Jean Batten, a tiny figure in a soiled flying suit when she stepped from, her plane today, after her record flight from England to Australia. Miss Batten, who is a New Zealand girl, is 22, has a pleasant face, vita bright eyes and a charming smile. She Is a pretty brunette and is only 5 ft 2 in. tall. A"wvn g the first to congratulate her *as Mrs. J. A. Mollison (Amy John eon), whose record for a woman flier £he lowered by four days. Mrs. MolU eon cabled, "Well done, Jean." "Smiling is very easy now," remarked Miss Batten, as she was asked to pose tor a photograph. She then apologised for the condition of her ctothesj 6ay inr "I am ashamed of it. I bad to do all my own repairs and overhauling at Rembang and Koepang." Miss Batten arrived from Koepang at 2.58 pjn., 14 &lt;lays 22i hours after her departure from London. Mrs. Molli eon's time was 18 days 23 hours. The record for a solo flight is 7 days 4iours and 47 minutes, set up by Sir Charles Kinesford Smith. This was Miss Batten's third attempt to fly to Australia. She was forced down oa her two previous trips, and com peUed to xeUiui to P1? 1"*1 jurta: Batten expects to leave for Brisbane 'at 5 ajn. tomorrow. ?When toW that she had beaten Amy Johnson's record, she said that she was fdad. but she was pleased to reach Dar winT whether the record was beaten or cot. "Adventurous Trip" -I had a most adventurous trip, with frightful weather nearly all the way," said Miss Batten. "Although my Moth {Cane is nearly four years old, the en gine ran perfectly. Everyone has been exceedingly kind, especially Imperial Airways and RAJ1, men, who helped me with engine adjustments. I am also most grateful to Lord Wakefleld, without whose generosity I could not have made the trip this year. The heat was almost unbearable in India, but the west part of the flight ?was over Burma. Owing to the teem ing rain and great black walls of clouds I was unable to see t&e instrument board. It was a- real monsoon. I thought I caw mountains ahead, but I could"'not fit"* them on the map. It was the 6tonn. I encountered head winds from Batavia, and they were very strong after I left Koepang They dropped when I was about halfway to Darwin, but then rose again. I .was clad when I sighted the steamer Koo- Unda, as I then knew that I was near Darwin. The flight across the Timor Sea took seven and a half hours. Miss Batten said that she was pleased that Captain Bird would escort her to Brisbane. She would not fly to New Zealand, as her plane did.not/ have sufficient range She said that she aid pot think that she would enter for the air race, as her plane was not last enough, having a speed of only 80 miles BnShe >added that ehe was not tired and was delighted with the welcome ehe had received here. 