 DRAWING-ROOM GIRL WHO RODE MONSOON GREAT AIR DASH, LONDON TO DARWIN 14 DAYS 22h HOURS ON WAY AMY'S RECORD IS BROKEN (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE) DARWIN, Wednesday. I HANK Heaven, I am here at last!" said JL 24-years-old Jean Batten, small, dark, and dainty, as she landed here at 3 p.m. to-day in the record time for a woman of 14 days hours for a night from England to Australia. "Well done, Jean!" said a cable from Amy John son (Mrs. Mollison), whose record she had shattered. The daring New Zealander was as neat and self- possessed as if she had just risen from the bridge-table, or stepped from a drawing-room, instead of having completed a hazardous flight over seas and jungles where the slightest miscalculation would heme meant instant death. She had bucked terrific sandstorms in Syria, twice pulled her engine down and repaired it herself when no mechanics were available, flown across India in one hop, where scorching sun temperature of 140 degrees blistered her face and machine, flown blind over Burma in a monsoon so murky that she could not see her instruments, and tackled the final 480-mile hop across the dreaded Timor Sea in an oblique wifid which could so easily have blown her small Gipsy Moth off her course. SUCCESS CAME AFTER TWO FAILURES Miss Batten plans to hop off early to-morrow morning for Cloncurry, via Daly Waters and Brunette Downs, escorted by the Wakefield plane. On Friday the two machines will fly to Charle- ville and on Saturday will reach Sydney. "It Is terribly thrilling to succeed at last after two failures!" she said. "I am more pleased than I can say to have broken the women's solo re cord; "I was determined to have a good try to do so when I set out from England, and here I am! The whole trip was one long adventure. "I took a new route to Australia, flying via Athens and Cyprus, and learned to my surprise at Cyprus that I put up the fastest time from England to Cyprus that had ever been flora. Swallowed in Storm "The first little trouble I had with the plane was at Basra, where Royal Air Force mechanics helped me out and saved time. Then came the dreadful flight across India and the monsoon storm at Burma, that looked like a huge black mountain as I flew towards it. "The storm seemed to swallow me up in pitch blackness. I was not . at all nervous, however, as I had every faith in my plane. "I gave three roustag cheers as 1 crossed the Equator, and then made my way down towards Darwin. "All yesterday afternoon I had to work on my engine at Koepang, where I could get no help. To-day's trip was very trying, and I was a bit uncertain where I was all the time, as I allowed for drift In the oblique wind, and .then It died down "I was afraid to alter my course, in case the wind had not changed much, and the result was I struck Australia many miles south of Dar win. and had to fly north again. "But for the generosity of Lord Wakefield, who backed my venture. I could never have made the trip." At Darwin Miss Batten was met by Captain W. 8. Bird, Queensland manager for C. C. Wakefield and Co., who arrived in a special plane to day. He will escort her over the difficult route to Sydney. A news- reel camera man filmed her arrival. Record times established by women and men for the England- Australia night are:— WOMEN Miss Jean' Batten, 11 days 23hrs. 80mln. Miss Amy Johnston, 10 days 16hrs. May, 1080. MEN O. T. P. Clm (Faith In Anstralla>, (crew of 3). Oct., 1038, 6 days 17hrs. 50mln. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith (solo), Oct., lf>33, 7 days 4hrs. 50min. O. W. A. Scott (solo), Apr., 1030, 8 days SOhrs. 44mlii. J. Mollison (solo), Aug., 1031, 8 days Slbrs. 35raln. 