 WALLER-JONES SMASH RECORD TO ENGLAND From Darwin In Under 6 Days LONDON, Friday; j Returning to England in the Comet in which they I flew fourth in the Centenary Air Race, Mr Ken Waller j and Lieut. O. Cathcart Jones cut 3 days 7 hours 2 minutes 6ff the record for the Australia-England flight. j They arrived at Lympne at 1.15 p.m. today — 5 days 15 hours 23 minutes from Darwin. The record, set by Mr J, A, Mollison in 1931, was 8 days, 22 hours, 25 minutes. C. J. Melrose had reduced Mollison's time by 13 hours, but his performance was not officially recog nised. j Waller and Jones flew from England to Mel bourne and back inside a fortnight. + — — Commercial Planes Should Do the Same From Ken Woller and Cathcart Jones — Exclusive to The Herold. LONDON, Friday. Although we broke records on our flight, our time could easily be the schedule for an ordinary, everyday service be tween England and Australia. We had planned to reach England from Melbourne in 4 days 17& hour;;, n schedule that could have been fol lowed by on ordinary mail plane equipped with wireless. T-TAD wo. possessed a wireless nppnrn- tus to receive weather reports wo could have avoided the bad weather wo struck after leaving Athens. That cost us 41 hours. Our non-adherence to the plan was also due to engine delay at Allahabad, a trouble which will be overcome as the Comet type becomes more fami liar. Wo are very grateful for the aid that Mr and Mrs Mollison gave us. Without it we would still bo at Alla habad. Our flight was undertaken in abso lute comfort, to demonstrate what could bo done on a regular schedule, There is no reason why the Comet should not be used in fast mail ser vices on the Australian route, with an English-built Douglas or a similar plane carrying passengers. There would do no undue risk or discomfort. The passengers could fly 12 hours daily, sleeping in hotels. It would be desirable to divide the route into four sections, with a stan dard equipment of four fast planes on each section.' Unquestionably it would be wrong policy to change the type of machine en route. The use of flying boats across the Mediterranean gives no additional guarantee of safety. It only slows up the time of the flight. We believe that the passenger and more speedy mail planes should be kept separated. Wo thoroughly enjoyed the trip. To- day wo flew under the best conditions of the whole journey. We covered 1700 miles at an average speed of 256 miles an hour, because of the follow ing wind. The speedometer registered 226 miles an hour. We felt that we were travelling well over Corsica, Marseilles and Paris — a contrast to yes terday, when we flew blind for 1200 miles — five hours— over the Jugoslav mountains, seeking n way through the storms. We went first northwards and then southward, until we were forced to return to Athens. There are no aerodromes on the cast coast of the Adriatic. Despite the had weather the Comet behaved perfectly. It is a very stable machine to fly. Our flying time from Melbourne was 51 hours 35 minutes— an average of 20516 miles an hour. It will be a great pity if English aircraft manufacturers, after proving that they can produce fast planes, go to sleep and fail to exploit them for airmails. Melbourne And Back Within A Fortnight nATHCART JONES and Waller com- plctcd the return journey in the record time of 13 days 6 hours 38 min utes, but. as Waller said as he stepped out of the plane, "Wo had intended to be here sooner." Several records were established on the Comet's homeward journey. The Molbourne-EnglaHd time was reduced to 6 days 15 hours 9 minutes. "Our return flight from Australia was not a stunt, but was made to set an example to commercial aviation," said Lieut. Cathcart Jones. "Wc flew only between sunrise and sunset, yet we covered 2200 miles a day. We are not a bit tired, since wc slept in beds every night and had meals regu larly, except breukfast. "I think anybody could make such a flight in the same time, provided they had the right typo ot machine, and there is no reason why a commprcial service should not run between London andi Melbourne on similar lines. The passen gers might find it rather tiring, but it would bo an easy proposition fori mails." 1 Hornid Special Representative Mr Waller described their meeting with Mr H. L. Brook— last in the race— at Athens. "Wc encouraged him as much as potuiblc," ho said, T,but It must have been a disappointment seeing us on the return voyage while he had gono such a little way on the flight out." Later the airmen flew to the de Havil- land aerodrome at Hatfield and stepped out of their plane looking as if tneyj had done a half-hour's flight. Cathcart Jones greeted his wife with "Hallo, old bean." The mechanics and work girls who had built the Comets carried the aviators shoulder high to the club house, where hundreds of telegrams of congratulation were waiting. De HavUlands will now tunc up and test the Comet in readiness for what the owner, Mr Rubin, describes as "prob ably the most ambitious programme of i long-distance record-breaking flights icvcr undertaken." I The machine shows little signs of hav- ing crossed the world twice, and little alteration will, be necessary. The only marks are 'scratches on the leading edge, due to dust and sandstorms, hail, snow and rain. The cowling and fuselage are in excellent condition. Mr A. O. Edwards, owner of the win ning plane, who is in Melbourne, cabled instructions to Grosvenor House to offer the fliers its hospitality, which they ac cepted, as the house they had formerly occupied at Lympne was burnt down last night Mr Rubin in an overcoat and blanket, and sustained with coffee, di rected the fircflghting. The Daily Mall, in a leading article, says: "The feat of Cathcart Joneus and Waller is one to stir the sluggish mind, an impressive sequel to Scott and Black's dazzling achievement. The pilots' skill, courage and endurance and careful pre paration, and the Comet's brilliant design and solid construction, made possible a return flight which appeared impossible a few weeks ago. Britain may be justly 'proud of such airmen and machines." Work Begun On Air Race Picture Herald Special Representative V"ACK SENNETT, the film producer, already has his staff working in pre paration for on air race picture for which ho has engaged C. W. A. Scott and T. Campbell Black. Several plots are being written to enable a speedy selection of tho story to be used. Pro duction will begin in England at tho carliost possible moment after Scott and Black return. . Tho picture can'.,,'! finished within a month if necessary.' it will bo a fast-moving story covering tho entire race, including tho dramatic features, such as tho Mollisons' misfor-/ tunes, Albury's Morse message to tho Dutch plane, and Melrose's experiences. "Love interest" will bo included. "i wouldn't want Scott and Black if they were good actors," Mr Sennctt said today. "I want real, men, .who made a grand flight and are capable of saying publicly that it was a lousy trip.: Never theless, I am glad that they are good looking. "I am engaging first-rate actors to flu other roles, and I hope to persuade Sir Macphorson Robertson to visit England for his inclusion in the picture, which will bo released to tho English-speaking world," .. - . Ken Waller r Catlicnrt Jones 