 [bin and Waller Beat Mollison's Time. LONDON, Tuesdny. Kubin nu rt. Waller landed at Eastbourne to-day, after having flown from Darwin in S days .12 hours. Rubin said they had hrolteu Air. .T. A. Mollison's record of S dnys 21 hours 25 ming., but the. time will not bc recognised, as the flight was not oflicinlly timed. They had a tnrilling moment over tho Timor Sea, when thc en- cino suddenly started running bad- ly. They lost height and wero greatly perturbed lill they remem- bered that tho tank was not prop- erly fdled and had run drv. It wns only n matter of switching to tho other. Thc flyers left. Darwin on April 23, and reached Calcutta on April 2(1 and Aleppo on April 30. They loft. Homo this morning, nnd encountered tho worst day's flying. There were low clouds across Franco and fog in the Channel. They flow Wind, and woro unaware of their whereabouts until they saw tho coastline and a house which they recognised as a friend's bungalow at Pevensey. Arrival a Surprise. LONDON, Wednesday. - Only 30' poisons welcomed Rubin lind Waller nt Eastbourne, where their arrival was a complete surprise. Waller explained that when they left Darwin they had no idea of breaking thc record, but as they got on they found they were making good time. ' Only during thc last day or two they decided to go "all out." Tho last stage of the flight wu« mnde against thc udvico of the French officials nt tho aeródromo. Tho offi- cials nt Lyons told Rubin and Waller they could not find Puris, but they did so.' Rubin rang up Lympne from Puris, and hearing that tho weather was O.K., decided to push on, though the authoritios mndc them sign tickots i absolving them from all responsibility. I "Valuable Experience. The flyers climbed lo 5,000 foot ovor the Chniinel to avoid tho foe. Wallor said thc trip had been most valuable, and thev now had a much bettor chance in "the Melbourne nico than before. Thc worst section was from Rangoon to Singapore. AYaller warmly tributed thc piloting of Rubin, who was equally complimen tnrv regarding 'Waller's navigation. Tho flyers lind a big reception at Lympno, whoro Waller's mother and Rubin's brother rosido. A big crowd wns awaiting them. They stopped only 20 minutes at Eastbourne. A Grand Exploit. Tho "Horning Post " says tho ap- plause for Rubin and Waller will bo tho louder because the venture was under- taken without fun». It is apparently still possible to dnro dislnnce and falo without cymbals and searchlights. Mollison'a time for a solo flight stands uneclipscd, but nevertheless Waller und his precocious pupil have u grand exploit to their credit. Rubin und Waller flew to Australia In preparation for tho Centenary Air Race. 