 NEW RECORDS. JONES AND WALLER. OUT AND BACK IN 13 DAYS 6 HOURS. Darwin-England Time Beaten by More Than 3 Days. LONDON. 3rd November. Cathcart Jones and Kenneth Waller, who in a dc Havllland Comet took fourtn place in the Melbourne air race, landed at Lympnc at 1.15 p.m. yesterday, hav ing completed the return journey in the record time of 13 days 6 hours 38 min- utes. a smau crowa assemoiea on tnc aerodrome and gave the airmen a rous ing reception. They said .they wore "sorry to be late" as they had "Intended to be here sooner." Despite a delay at Athens for a day nnd a half owing to bad weather, several new records were established on the Comet's homeward flight. The Melbourne- England time has been reduced to 6 days 15 hours 0 minutes. The former official Darwin-England record has been beaten by 3 days 7 hours 2 minutes, and other new records have been set up for laps on the homeward journey. Speaking of their attempt to fly 'from Athens, Waller said that while over the Adriatic they passed through seven thunder storms before deciding to turn back. Later yesterday afternoon Jones and Waller flew their machine to de Havllland aerodrome at Hatfield. Jones paid a warm tribute to the technicians and others responsible for the building ot the aeroplane, who, he said, fully de served the praise that was being given to the pilots In their achievement. Jones's Personal Triumph. The performance of Jones and Waller Is all the more remarkahle herniis .Tnniw at the last minute took the place ot Bernard Rubin, the owner of the plane, who was prevented by illness from flying In the race. Jones had practically no previous experience of a Comet machine, which had been designed by de Havtl- lands under some pressure of time and was, in fact, flown by all the pilots "straight off the drawing board." None of the crews ot the three Comets re ceived Its machine long enough before the event to allow of a reasonable amount of practice with It. Expert opinion In these circumstances estimated the odds at 3 to 1 against any Comet reaching Melbourne, and conse quently air circles are greatly impressed by the success with which this new type of plane should have passed so severe a test. Not a Stunt. Jones said the return flight was not a stunt— it was made in order to set an example that could be copied and used on a commercial basis. They .had flown only between sunrise and sunset, yet they covered 2200 miles daily. They were not a bit tired, they slept in beds each night and had regular meals with tne excep tion of breakfast yesterday, and they had full opportunities for shaving and bath ing. He thought anybody could make such a flight in the same time provided he had the right typo of machine, and there was no reason why a commercial service should not be run from London to Melbourne on similar lines. Passengers might find it rather tiring, but it was an easy proposition for the carriage of mails. Jones added that he was. espe cially proud of the fact that, with the exception of Athens, they had hot set foot on foreign soil throughout the whole of the return flight. The aviation correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" says: — "In 13j'4 days Jones and Waller covered 23,000 miles, and established the following seven re cords: — Melbourne to London Darwin to London, Melbourne to Charlevtlle, Charleville to Darwin, Melbourne to Darwin, Darwin to Singapore, and Mel bourne to Singapore. Their- magnificent performance is the more remarkable be cause of the fact that Jones took Rubin's place at the last minute. None of the Comet crews had sufficient prac tice, and Jones least ' of ' ail. The small troubles the pilots- of the Comets ex perienced were largely due " to -the lock of trial flights, and this accounted for the pessimism before the race, when 3 to 1 was offered, against any Comet reaching Melbourne within sixteen days." Outward F.yer Met at Athens. Waller described their meeting with Brook, one of the race competitors, who has 'been very much delayed; at Athens. He said they encouraged Brook as much as possible, but it must have been a disappointment to him to. see them on the return voyage.. . Will Now Attack 'Cape Record. According to the "Daily Express" Jones and Waller intend to attack the Cape record with the same machine — they hope to make the return trip in a little over three ('" "s. The "Tiir.ss" says: — "The pilots' skill, courage and endurance, the careful pre parations they made, and the brilliant design and solid construction of the aeroplane made possible a flight that the man In the street would have thought out of the question a few. weeks ago. Great Britain may Justly plume herself on having such airmen and machines." Imperial Airways Learns the Lesson. The "Sunday Express" stales that when the chairman, Sir Eric Geddes, addresses the shareholders of Imperial Airways Ltd. he will reveal plans for shortening the air Journeys from Lon- don lo the Dominions and a scheme to establish an air line to and from the United States. A BETTER ROUTE. Former Air Minister's Plan. In a letter to the "Observer." Mr. F. E. Guest. M.P., who was Secretary for Air in 1021-22, suggests that the air route to Australia across Europe and Asia is not ideal, and asks why the airway for British commerce should not follow the sea. "There is a route," he proceeds, 'crossing the Atlantic along a rather southerly course, passing over the United stales, thence along a chain of islands in the Pacific, all British or American, to Australia. It is only 1000 miles longer than the land route, and it is Anglo-Saxon. There is only one thing necessary to make this route pos sible— a seadrome. This is no dream — it has passed exhaustive tests in the United States. The structure, which is rather like an inverted Dirtnaay cake, consists of a platform standing 100 feet above the water, and it can be propelled or anchored at will. It offers ample room for the landing and storing of machines and fuel, and for housing the personnel, and It swings automatically info the wind. It has always been a handicap to British aviation that the first point of British territory after leav ing England is 2000 miles- away. A sea drome would dispose of that handicap." Davies and Hill Persevering. BOMBAY. 4th November. Two belated air race entrants. Davies and Hill, flying a Falrey plane, arrived at Allahabad yesterday afternoon, and left for Calcutta at 3 a.m. to-day. TWO AIRMEN KILLED. Fatal Stunt Over Wedding Party. With the object of flying over a wed ding parly at Attenborough to drop con- iclvi ana nn oiu suae, rnuL wmci.i.s a, G. Dftllon and Philip Rook, belonging to . the Air Force reserve, hired an aero plane and set out. When near the church and witli the plane in a stunt a wing dropped off and the machine dropped like a stone. Both men were killed, one being incinerated. 