 From London to Australia in Less Than 2 Days SCOTT LANDS AT DARWIN IN BRILLIANT CENTENARY FLIGHT Great Tussle for Second Place Between Parmentier and Turner COMET EXPECTED IN MELBOURNE AT 5 a.m. Scott and Black in their British ,De Havilland Comet plane reached Darwin this evening, . having flown from London to Australia in less than 2. days in the centenary air race. They are expected to arrive in Melbourne between 5 arid 7 a.m. tomorrow. ' Early today weather conditions were against the fliers making a fast flight over the Timor Sea, but later the breeze freshened from'the north, and visibility improved. When Scott left Singapore he was more than six hours ahead of his nearest opponent. There were thrills in the race yesterday and today. . Geysendorfer and Asjes, in the Dutch Pander Postjager plane, crashed when landing at Allahabad but no one was injured. The retractable undercarriage failed to function and a wing and a propeller were smashed. There was a sensation at Singapore, where Scott's plane hit the ground heavily when landing, bounced 30 ft. in the air and nearly crashed. Roscoe Turner (Boeing) lost his way south of Allahabad and arrived late, but he was soon on his way again. Scott left Singapore for Darwin at 8.55 a.m. (Adelaide time) and his nearest oppo nents, Parmentier, Moll,. Van Brugge, and Prins in the K.L.M. Douglas air liner,- reached Rangoon (Burma) at 7.45 a.m. and arrived at Alor Star at 12.55 p.m. They refuelled and left for Singapore at 1.37 p.m. - On'these times, provided he has no accidents, Scott has the race in his safe keeping.. A great race is likely to develop between Parmentier, and Roscoe Turner. Parmentier is flying by the.land route from Allahabad to Singapore, thus ,losing considerable .time. Turner is understood to be flying direct across the Bay of Bengal. .. .... Scott Tells of Gruelling Flight 4 SINGAPORE, Today. Behind these fliers are the Ameri t-ins Roscoe Turner and Clyde Pang born (Boeing), who have left Allaha bad for Singapore, and Waller and Cathcart-Jones (Comet), between Karachi and Allahabad. , Still further back in the race are the Mollisons (Comet), who were com Delled to return to Karachi twice, and later were deiayed by fog. They left Karachi for Allahabad today at 7.5 aim., and intended to attempt to make up lost time, as the fog was purely Tf?na :do~inedtothe~tv gros~d of Karachi. The Mollisons took off with gener ally clear skies and fair visibility throughout Notrhern India. Scott and Black are entered in both sneed and handicap sections of the race--the handicap is 35 min. 24 see. and with such an advantage over the other competitors it is possible that they- will win the prizes in both sec tions. They had covered 7,786 miles to Singapore, and then had 4,537 miles to go to Melbourne. The Dutch pilots had covered 6,472 miles, and had 5.851 miles to go from Rangoon. ' The field is now stringing out across Europe and Asia. Melrose (South Australia) in his Puss Moth has reached Athens (Greece)- The rearguard is brought up by Brook (Miles.Falcon), who was detained .at Marseilles by engine troubles, arid Parer, who was held up by the misfiring of his engine at Le Boqurget. near Paris. Scott caused a sensation 'when he nearly crashed landing at Singapore nearly five hours ahead of his nearest rival, Parmentier. There was a dra matic moment when, after circling the aerodrome twice in the breaking dawn, he misjudged the height and attempted to land when 20 ft. in the air. The plane crashed on to its un .dercarriage, bounced 30 ft. into the air, and came down again on one wheel, dipped sharply and nearly turned' over. The crowd held its breath and then there was a great cheer of relief whcr it was "seen that the plane was not damaged. The oilots snatched a hasty breakfast and superintended- refuelline. which took an hour. "We hope to reach Darwin before nightfall," said Scott, in an exclusive interview with a representative of '"The News," "but we have made ar rangements to stop and refuel. if neces sary at Koepang. In that case we would remain there for six hours.' CAPT. T. CAMPBELL BLACK Between mouthfuls of chops and - eggs Scott told tzhe story of the most gruelling flight of his career, of how for hours he and his com panion had flown at a terrific speed with only two hours on the ground. His graphic account of the greatest speed dash in history showed that Scotty, so popular in Australia for his courage and endurance in the. face of the greatest hardships, is the same as ever.. "Dashing at 200 miles an hour for Darwin from the start of the trip has been the worst of my experience," said Scott, "and, to make things worse, I have a rotten cold; and Black is feeling livery. We have been quarrelling all the way." Here a broad smile belied the serious ness of the words, and the husky-voice went on: "Never in my life have 1 ex perienced anything like the cross injg of the Bay of Bengal-low clouds and constant rain for 1,400 miles with the sea only just beneath the fuselage. and the visibility the worst in my experience. "We were forced to fly onily a few feet above the surface of the Indian Ocean for hour after hour, until thrse 1,400 miles seemed like 14 million. '"From the beginning we had bad I weather, and lost our way about 150 miles before Bagdad. After circling round a desert railway station vainly trying to see the nameplate we landed to get our bearings at Kirkut, and also took on extra petrol. Then we con tinued to Bagdad. "We had thdught we were lOt and ueaedBealinardery-~·- dacIspir 4 *-athanyn:weyt sighted Bagdad. The nights ha~i' been particularly gruelling. We have had darkness and filthy weather, have been flying absolutely blind, and hoping for the best." "What do you think?" he suddenly asked. "Those fellows at De Havil land's, in London, actually had the cheek to send us a cable saying, 'Get a move on, you are only five hours ahead.'. "Wait until I see them again. I am going to have a talk with them, and also with those Dutch boys, who are so close on our heels. "uo you Know tney told us tnat tney were only tiying for the handicaps?" " 'We 'vill take nine days. We are only on a commercial flight.' they told us, the blighters." . Asked about the behaviour of the Grosvenor House, his bright red Comet, Scott said: "She has been going splendidly so far, but ,my word she has had to put up with something from the elements." Exceot Smithy's Lockheed machine. Australia has never seen anything like the Comet. It is similar in design to the Lockheed excent that it is twin engined. Both pilots look fit, and are ready : for the hardships of the last stages. But obviously they are being greatly sustained by the excite ment of the race. Amid enthusiastic cheers and cries of "Good luck," Scott re-entered the Comet. In reply to a question, "How about a shave?" be shouted, "We are going to have one in Melbourne tomorrow, or perhaps tonight." "Tell Australia 1 have never so wanted to see her shores so sin cerely in all my life," were Scott's passing words. Then the heavily laden plane sped like a bird across the drome and shot into the distance at a terrific pace. Melrose at Athens; Other Fliers' Stories A message from Athens says that Melrose, the young South Australian, arrived there at 3.55 p.m. (1.24 a.m., Monday, Adelaide time). Davies (Fairey) arrived five minutes later. Melrose in an interview said.--"From Rome to Brindisi was the worst weather I ever experienced. I was up 14,000 ft and was flying blind in mist and snow for over five hours.". Mel rose will take off at dawn for Nicosia, Cyprus. Ken Waller and Cathcart-Jones ar rived at Karachi at 5.40'a.m. (Adelaide time). Waller suspected that he had oil pressure trouble, but on examination it was found that the machine was in perfect condition. The tank was drained, and fresh' oils taken aboard, and the pilots hurriedly started, but because of the reappearance of a thick fog at 7.30 a.m. postponed their depar ture until the disappearance of the fog. A message from Athens says that Gillman and Baines (Fairy Fox) have -arrived there. Flight-Lieut. MacGregor and IL C. Walker. (Miles Hawk) arrived at Bag dad yesterday at 2 p.m.. Greenwich time. Hansen and Jensen (Danish Desoutta) arrived at Aleppo at 5.17 pn.m. yester day, and expected to take off at 2.30 a.m. Col. Roscoe Turner and Clyde Pang born (Boeing) reached Allahabad (In -dia, and after refuelling left again for Singapore at 12.58 p.m. (Adelaide time). It was first thought that Col. Turner had decided to go straight to Calcutta. but when he began sending out radio signals declaring that he was-lost and seeking the whereabouts of an aero drome it was realised that he was off the track. When he got his bearings he steered on for Allahabad, after hav ing lost at least half an hour. Col. Turner, when interviewed at Allahabad, said that when they were carried by a strong wind.and drifted 200 miles southward be yond the aerodrome, they spent three hours dodging about. and got really --worried. They thought of landing in the near est river bed. when they picked up the light of the aerodrome. '"We just scraped in, and- landed in a crosswind at right angles to the flood lights." he said. Pangborn said that the petrol gauge showed that the tanks were about empty when they landed, but evidently the gauge was out of order, as they had more fuel than they thought. "We had a bad two hours, but Kept up our spirits, speculating. whether we would- be killed in a crash or 'eaten by tigers." he laughed. I While the Dutch Douglas plane (Par mentier and Moll) was at Rangoon, Parmentier said that he intended to land at every important aerodrome on the way to Singapore, and hoped, in spite of the longer coastal route and the extra strain on his engines, to overtake Scott. The three passengers are de lighted at the comfort and speed of the giant Douglas and at their progress. At Allahabad, Fraulein T. Rasche, one of the three passengers in an interview expressed enthusiastic admiration for the crew and the machine. She looked as fresh as if she had stepped out of a bandbox. Parmentler, in an interview with pressmen said:-"It has been the smoothes' journey of my experi ence over the route. No incidents occurred. We flew normally at a height of . 12,000 ft. We hope to catch Scott We have been nursing our engines. but will go full out after Singapore." Both the crew and the three passen gers of the Douglas appeared astonish ingly fresh. because of thecomfortable quarters and seating accommodation provided.- - It was officially stated that they were not out to win- the race; but to show the efficiency of Dutch aircraft. Parmentier was full of confidence at Allahabad. He did not witness the accident to the other Dutch plane, as he departed 20 minutes be fore the " occurrence. Before leaving Calcutta for Rangoon, Par mentier stepped jauntily from his plane and demanded a. cigarette, de claring that his sole craving had .been for a smoke, which was forbidden on board because of the fire danger. 