 FIRST AIR MAIL FROM BRITAIN Bags At Darwin 10 Days From London NIGHT LANDING Pilot's Lone Flight Of 5 Days In Slow Plane DARWIN, December 18. The first air mail from England reached here at 7.45 p.m. today in the Imperial Airways plane Athena, which was piloted by Captain V. G. Wilson. was piloted by Captain V. G. Wilson. The plane arrived a hour and a half later +^hti the ordinary schedule, be cause of a slight delay in leaving Ram ban^ this morning. Captain Wilson said he bad a smooth trip from Ram bane to Darwin. The Athena's flight today started in rinHrnocs and ended in darkness. Captain Wilson took off at Soarabaya at 4 tun.. Darwin time, and arrived at TT-jmho-ng before dawn. He left again at 32 aon., reaching Koepang early In the afternoon. After refuelling, he left for Darwin.. Captain Wilson brought the mail from Karachi alone, his co-pilot hav ing been taken off to pilot another Diane, the Aurora. He had continuous flying for five days and, in order to keep up to schedule against advel -winds, did a lot of night flying. He had had practically no sleep for five days. He 6aid **"* Athp^p cruises I'm^r 120 miles an hour, nearly 30 miles an hour slower than the DH 86 planes, and he had to fly longer .hours to keep to schedule. The AHion^ is carrying a crew of two and one passenger. The weight* of the mails is 1^370 pounds. Flares Ugbted Darkness had Just fallen when the Athena was sighted over the Fanny Bay Gaol, and "the flares along the run way had been lighted for only a few minutes. Bed lights marked a dan gerous depression on the lorwiHig ground, which Is being filled in. The Athena circled over the aerodrome with a huge flare lighted on her part wing to assist her to land. Captain Wilson cheerily greeted the quarantine and Customs officials, who inspected the plane and papers, and then, by the light of motor car head lights, the first mail from London was unloaded into a van to be taken to the Darwin post office for re-sorting. There was a busy scene at the Dar win post office tonight, when the staff was re-sorting a large proportion of the Tnnil one of the largest air tnn'n? from Darwin will Join J&e plane to morrow, and probably both Qantas ""?h\"? at Darwin will be required to carry It to Brisbane. A start will be made at daybreak. The mail left London on December B in the Hengist and another plane for Paris, on the first stage of the Bight to Singapore, and included in the cargo are Christmas gifts and letters for the Duke of Gloucester from the King and Queen, the Prince of Wales, and the Duke and Duchess of Kent. There are also letters from the King to the Governor-Generals of Australia and New Zealand, and from the mem bers of the British Cabinet to Federal Cabinet Ministers. 