 London— Darwin in Six Days j -r AIR MAIL AIM Speeding Future Service FLYING AT NIGHT A LT HOUGH there are 24 scheduled stopping places between Singapore and Brisbane, a speedy service is hoped for, according to Mr. A. E. Rudder, a director of Qantas Empire Airways Limited , who have secured the Singapore-Darwin-Brisbane air mail contract. Manv of these stopping places are certain to be eliminated, he said to-day, and with night flying it is hoped eventually to cover the journey from London to Darwin in six days. "Already the passenger traffic available from London to Singapore is taxing accommodation of the Astraea class monoplanes to the ut most. When Imperial Airways opened their African service newer and larger 'planes had to be substituted within eight months," said Mr Rudder, dis cussing prospects of the new service.. "At present," he added, "sections of the Empire route from London are being equipped for regular night fly ing, with the result that, where machines now fly the mail in dally stages of 800 mile's, at 100 m.p.h., they will rush towards Australia in 16 or 20-hour stages, thus more than halv ing the time.. Mr. Rudder said that for the Singa pore service 20 Australians will be re quired. Ten "captains" will be em ployed and 10 assistant pilot-wireless officers. "Captains will have to possess a full navigator's certificate. Three Passengers Only three passengers will be car ried in the de Havilland 86 four- engine air liners, to be used by Qantas Empire Airways on the Sin gapore-Darwin section. Owing to the amount of petroi needed to cover the 514-mile stage between Koepang and Darwin, across the Timor Sea. passenger space has to be sacrificed to allow the maxi- mum amount of air mail to be car ried. A Sydney flying man, in close touch with Qantas, said to-day that the new English-Australian company would find it necessary to substitute a big flying boat for this "hop." 'Plane Industry Mr. A. J. P. Hall, vice-president Australian Flying Corps Association, said to-day that his association re gretted that a wholly Australian or ganisation had not been permitted to run the air mail from Darwin to Singapore. "However," he added, "as Qantas is the Australian half of Qantas Em pire Airways, it is to be hoped that the 'plane building Industry will now be placed on a firmer rooting, as Qantas for years has, in a small way, built de Havilland products un der licence. Butler's Plans It was stated on behalf of Mr. C. A. Butler, successful tenderer for the Charleville-Cootamundra section, that the two Dragon Moths to be used are being fitted to carry six passengers and a pilot, as well as the mail. Actually, they can carry more passengers, but It is not expected that the demand for accommodation will be so great for the present. The flight over the section will be made in about six hours. Though plans are not fully developed, it is expected that the 'plane will reach Cootamundra about lunch time, and the mail will go on to Melbourne that afternoon by train. It is hoped to develop a service from Cootamundra to the outback, and also to co-operate with the Far V.\-3t Children's Health Scheme. "Smithy's" View "I am disappointed that the joint tender submitted by New England Airways and myself has not been ac cepted," said Sir Charles Kingsford- Smith to-day, on his return by air from Melbourne. "When I went to the expense of having the Codock designed and built it was with the view of using this type on the services tendered for. I am afraid that the delay in its con struction was to some extent respon sible, but perhaps its cruising speed, 120 m.p.h., was too high. With the exception of Butler, it seems to be the policy of the Federal Government to exclude Australian airmen." 