 LONDON TO DARWIN IN SIX DAYS. FLYING AT NIGHT. SYDNEY, Friday— Mr. A. E. Kuuaer, a director of Qantas Empire Airways Ltd., which has secured the Singapore- Darwin-Brisbane air mail contract, stated to-day that the company hoped to Ironcnrtrl- mnil nnrl nnQCMlfrprs fmiYI Lflll don to Darwin in six days. This could be achieved by eliminating some of the stopping places now used and by flying at night. He said there were at pre sent 24 scheduled stopping places be tween Singapore and Brisbane, but many of these were certain to be eliminated in order to reduce the time. The passenger traffic available from London to Singa pore was already taxing the accommoda tion of the Aslraea class monoplanes to the utmost. Mr. Rudder added: "At present sec tions of the Empire route from London are being equipped for regular night fly ing, and as a result planes' now flying 800 miles a day will travel for, from 10 to 20 hours a day towards Australia TliLs means that tjje travelling time will be reduced by more than 50 per cent. Tho company will require for tho Singa pore-Brisbane service twenty Australians, ten of whom will be 'captains' and ten assistant pilot radio officers. Those em ployed as captains will possess a full navigator's certificate. As it would be necessary to conserve space for petrol, only three passengers would be carried on the Singapore-Darwm section. Pilot Bulier, who has secured the contract for the carrying of the mails from Charle- ville to Cootamundr.i, is to have two Dragon Moth machines in use. Tney will carry six passengers and a pilot in addition to the mails. It is proposed to cover the distance in six hours, arriving at the destination about noon in order that the mails can go straight on to Melbourne in the afternoon by train." Kingsford Smith Disappointed Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said to day that he was. disappointed at not se curing the contract which had been submitted by himself and New England Airways. He had the Codock built for use on the service tendered for. It seemed to be the policy of the Federal Government to exclude Australian air men from carrying out the service. Pilot Butler was the only Australian airman who liad been successful in tendering, Sydney-Brisbane Service. The mayor of Mascot (Alderman Dransflcld) proposes to ask the Cham bers of Commerce and Manufactures and other organisations to approach the Commonwealth Government and request that the Mascot aerodrome should be made an air-mail terminal. He sug gested that a subsidiary service could be used between Sydney and Brisbane, so that overseas nsails landed at Bris bane on a certain day could be brought to Sydney the same afternoon and de livered the following morning. 