 DARWIN LONDON. Melrose Does Journey In Record Time of 8 Days 9 Hours. LONDON", Saturday. Mr. James Melrose, who created an unoilicint record of 8 days Í) hours for a flight from Australia to London, by sacrificing sleep on tho later stages of his journey, was sufficiently refreshed after a good breakfast at Croydon to go up in a new Fokker four-cngined air linor which was giving demon stration flights. Tho Fokker, which was designed for tho Anistcrdiuu-Untnviii route, was piloted by Hon- Fokker himself. Melrose left Lyons ut 2 a.m. yester day on the final utugo of tho flight, after a brief rest, which he sorely needed. He loft Port Darwin at ß.30 a.m. on September 20, and thus completed the journey in 8 days 0 hours. The ollicial record for tho Hight is held by Mr. J. A. Mollison, S days 22 hours, established in 101(1. DECISION AT ALLAHABAD. "When I loft Australia I had no idea of trying to beat anybody.'s time," ho said. "It wasn't until I got td Allahabad that I decided to have a shot at thc record, although I didn't know thc exact record time. "I was pretty well all in when I reached Lyony, but I was still a bit vague about what I had to do to beat tho record. So I left at 2 a.m. to make sure." Melrose said thal many experienced Australian pilots seemed to think ho would bo lucky to reach Singapore. "I've no doubt tho record will bc busted straight away when Smithy flies to England," ho ¿aid, "although I shall still have the solo and light 'plane records." RECOGNITION SOUGHT. Tho airman will try to secure official recognition of thc record. His Customs clearance is stamped "Darwin (¡.HO a.m., September 20. . . . Ciovdon 7.1 a.m. Scntomber 28." ''The people who helped mo as much as anyone were Kubin and Waller," he saul. "I considered attempting a I record flight to England some time [ago. George Gosse, of Adelaide, and I thought of buying a 'plane, but wc abandoned the idea. Then I decided to enfer for thc Centenary lîacc am; fly to'Fnglnnd. 1700 MILES IN DAY. "Flying over India, I busted some instruments, and frequently I dodgoi vulturos. Otherwise the " flight was uneventful, except for tho tropica rains in Batavia. "I avoided Turkey, and flew 170( miles in oiic' day. from Cyprus. "I could htive reached here at mid night-or maybo drop into thc Chan nel-ibut I received a bad weather rc port at Marseilles." NIGHT PLYING. .Thc "Daily Telegraph," doscribin, -iSloIio.se iíó inti most remarkable tiye since Lindbergh, draws attention lo Iii inclination to start about Ü a.m., am fly for twelve hours, resting in th afternoon or tho early part of th nillir. It says his practice, whetho it is based on reasoned consideration o is purely instinctive, will stimulât night flying. OMEN FOR AIR RACE. The "Morning Post" congratulate Molroso upon his success and modesty and says it is a good omen for th Melbourne ruco itself. If a compari tivc novice can achieve so niue single-handed, what may lie cxpeete from practised pairs flying in rein day and night? It is perhaps not fantastic to hop that Melbourne will be. reached i seven days or nuder. That would h a worthy symbol of tho ascendanc won by man during the brief centur since Melbourne arose from the soil. 