 MELROSE SPRINGS SURPRISE At Croydon After Record Flight 8 DAYS 9 HOURS FROM DARWIN Unspectacular Dash Across World Special Cables To "The Advertiser" LONDON. September 28. James Melrose, the 21-year-old South Australian flier, surprised Croydon aerodrome officials today by completing, almost unnoticed, a record flight from Australia. His progress had barely been reported since he left Singapore; and -when, about 7 ajn.. a -- - plane came dron wFS^wm&L..' almost unseen, and * a young man m ' ?9§ clambered out of it X jL? * j,^. * and announced BMH&iwP^ himself as James kjgjl&llllll^*', Glenelg, everyone sages announced Viiff 7flTirifn.q?: an&lt;i departures, but the DrSldng a record jHM^H was no' realised until a message was published that be had left Lyons James Mclrose CFrance) at 2.30 a tti today. In an interview. Melrose said—"Until I reached Calcutta. I had not intended to try to break the record, but, seeing the times I had made up till then, I decided to sacrifice some sleep and go all out for Crcydon. The flight was entirely without incident, except that at one landing place the ground Teas covered by two feet of water. The en gine of the plane did not give tha slightest trouble. I started from Aus tralia with £10, and have only £3 left. Of course, that does not include petroL for which I still have to pay Even then, it was cheaper than TnaWTip the trip "first class by a steamer." Melrose left Australia a little more than a week ago with the intention of malting a "leisurely*" flight to England to inspect landing grounds and to make arrangements on the way in connection with the Air Race. His time for the Sight was 8 days 9 hours, which beats Mr. James Molli son's time of 8 days 22 hours. Tiiis performance Is all tbe more re markable when it is recalled that Mel rose began his training at the South Australian Aero Club only at the be ginning of last year. Melrose nrst came into prominence when, last month, in the same machine, he flew round Australia, a distance of B.OOC miles, in 5i days. This clipped fcwc days off the previous record. It is pointed out that his time on the overseas flight might have been even better had he not been forced to put back at one stage of the flight owinc to gales. James Mclrose 