 I GREAT FLIGHT. Rubin and Waller. DARWIN TO ENGLAND IN 8_ DAYS. LONDON, May 2. Mr. Bernard Rubin and Mr. Ken Waller, who flew to Australia to make ground staff arrangements for the centenary air race, landed at Eastbourne yesterday, having flown from Darwin In 8 days 12 hours. Mr. Rubin said: "I believe we have broken Mr. J. A. Molllson's record (8 days 22 hours 25 minutes, In 1931), but it will not be recog- nised, as the flight was not officially timed. We reached Calcutta on April 26. and Aleppo on Monday. We left Rome this morning. The worst day's flying was the long flight through low clouds across France. We en- countered a fog over the English Channel, and flew blind. Then we saw the coastline and a house, which I recognised as a friend's bungalow at Pevensey." ARRIVAL A SURPRISE. Only thirty people welcomed Messrs. Rubin and Waller at Eastbourne, where their arrival was a complete surprise, Mr. Waller explained that when they left Darwin on April 23 they had no Idea of breaking the record, but as they got on they found they were making good time. It was only on the last day or two that they decided to go all out. The last stage of the flight was made against the advice of the French aerodrome officials at Lyons, who told the fliers that they would be unable to find Paris. They did so, however, and Mr. Rubin telephoned Lympne from Paris. Hearing that the weather was suitable he decided to push on. The French authorities made them sign red tickets absolving officials of responsibility. They climbed to 5000 feet over the Channel to avoid fog. "The flight has been most valuable," said Mr. Waller, "and we shall have a much better chance in the centenary race than before. The worst section Is between Rangoon and Singapore." The fliers received a reception at Lympne, where Mt. Waller's mother and Mr. B. C. Rubin's brother and a big crowd were waiting. They only stopped for twenty minutes at East- bourne. The "Morning Post" says: "Applause for Messrs. Rubin and Waller will be the louder because the venture was undertaken without fuss. It is apparently still possible to dare dis- tance and fate without cymbals and search- lights. Mr.'J. A. Molllson's time for a soli- tary feat stands uneclipsed; nevertheless, Mr. Waller and bis precocious pupil have a grand exploit to their credit." 