 AIR MAIL TO ENGLAND FASTER AND RIGGER SERIVGE SEVEN DAYS TO LONDON. . DISTINGUISHED BRITISH DELEGATION ARRIVES. Darwin, Feb. 21. A most distinguished delegation from the British Post Office and th.c Air Ministry arrived in Australia by the DH86''mail 'plane from Singa pore yesterday. They have as their aim the establishment between Eng land and Australia of faster and more frequent air services, .begin ning in 1937, with a twice-weekly ser vice, seven days from. London to Sydney, and also the carriage of all first-class mail matter at a flat rate of Hd. per half ounce on those ser vices. The delegation comprises Sir Frederick Williamson (Director oi Postal Services), Mr. T. L. E. B. Guinness (Parliamentary pri vate secretary to the Under secretary for Air, Sir Phillip Sassoon), and Mr. F. Gt. L. Bertram (Deputy Director, of Civil Aviation). They are here to explain details of their scheme to the Aus traliaa Government, 0,11 behalf of the postal services. Sir '.Frederick Williamson said:— 'Starting in 1937. we ho]3e to begin a twice-weekly air mail service to Australia, with a schedule of seven days between London and Sydney. We are hoping to charge three half pence per half ounce (letter rate) and to carry all first-class mail mat ter by air. This charge is a flat rate and no air mail . surcharge will be made. It will not even be necessary to label letters 'By Air Mail,' for that will be their natural route. The Air Ministry side Gf the delegation is surveying the whole of the route from the technical side. Ground or ganisation and the provision of night-flying facilities are, :it will be understood, matters- of very great importance. These plans we have are tangible and definite, not theoretical and nebulous. The fulfilment of them depends on the attitude of the Australian Government.' Mr. Bertram said:— 'The scheme is art Air Ministry ; one. It is the result of a great deal of discussion with the postal , authorities, of Great Britain. We hope to make a change over in 1937. There is not a chance before then/' ? 