 DAY AND NIGHT FLYING Imperial Airways Plans For Next Year NEW FLYING BOATS London To Darwin In Seven Days Australian Associated Press LONDON. October 31. Sir Eric Geddes, who presided at the annual meeting of Imperial Airways today, announced that the company's new flying boats would be equipped with sleeping quarters, enabling day and night flying. Not only would it be cheaper than flying only during the day, but it would also reduce the time of the service from London to Australia to seven days. He stressed the need for ground organisation to keep pace with the developments. Sir Eric Geddes said that the company had agreed with the Government that the prin cipal features of the long-term contract to replace the existing agree ments when they lapsed should be that the company would be assured of con tinuance as the Government's chosen instrument in the development of existing air lines, and that further capital would be required in 1936 for the company's construction pro gramme. Referring to the increase in the Anglo-Australian traffic, he said that Imperial Airways and Qantas hiped that the Commonwealth Government in the near future would permit an in crease in the frequency of the service between Singapore and Brisbane. Discussing the present subdivision of Empire routes into sections, each ope rated by a separate fleet. Sir Eric Geddes said—"The next step will be to fly the whole way with a fleet based in Britain. In the future, as far as possible, we hope to operate a united fleet on the long-distance Empire routes, which should enable further operating economies.'' Sleeping On Manes "The new flying boats to be used on the Empire routes will provide sleeping accommodation," Sir Enc Geddes said, "and will fly day and night, stopping only to refueL This will be cheaper than flying &lt;inrin K the day only. Subject to the provision of suitable ground organisation, the speed of the new aircraft will enabZe the ser vices to Australia. South Africa., and India to be reduced to seven, tour, and three days respectively. Even these times could be improved upon, but this would be dependent upon the Governments concerned maintaining adequate ground organisation. This the Governments along the routes are constantly Improving, but more equip ment will be required, so that ground facilities can keep pace with aircraft development." Referring to the Atlantic service Sir Eric Geddes said that in addition to the "composite seap^nes" ordered from Snort Brothers, a normal flying boat was under construction. With these machines it was honed to begin an ex perimental trans-Atlantic service in 1936. There were political as well as technical problems. The political com plications incidental to the operation of international airlines would come as a shock to those who had not experienced them. Political difficulties, which it wgs hoped to overcome, were encountered in China and Siam in the linking ?f Hongkong with the Australian route, but it was expected that the experi mental flights there would become a re gular service. 