 KINGSFORD SMITH BEGINS FLIGHT "Intends Taking On Full Load At Marseilles" THREE DAYS TO DARWIN SAID TO BE AIM From "The Advertiser" Special Representative LONDON, October 23. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith set out on his postponed flight to Australia this morning reaching Marseilles at 10.30 a.m., after a flight of 3½ hours from London. A crowd of friends, including C. W A. Scott. C. J. Melrose. ana H. F. Broad bent, saw him leave. He said that from Marseilles he would fly to Cairo. It is understood that he liopet. to reach Australia in three days to demon strate the practicableness of a fast air mail sen-ice with a full pay load. ""You may not hear of Kingsford Smith for a long time after he leaves Marseilles," one of his colleagues told your correspondent, supporting the statement attributed to the airman by the "Evening News" that he intended taking on a full load of petrol at Mar seilles, after which he would stop only at Bagdad, Allahabad, Singapore, and Darwin. Kingsford Smith d.d not have breakfast, except for two cups of cof fee. When he climbed into the cock pit he discovered that he had no goggles He borrowed a pair from a bystander. Although the Aero Club will not supply observers for the fiisht because Kingsford Smith is not making an at tempt on the record, it will, as a mat ter of interest, clock him at the start and finish. The Air Ministry has per mitted him to use a race type of en gine, and also to carry a second pilot, which is a considerable advance on the original American certificate, but the Americans remain adamant against any increase in weight. American airmen in London com plain that the reduction in the load makes record-breaking impossible, and insist that no machine, either British or American, will make a record for ten years unless it is overloaded. Your correspondent learns that the petrol load for Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's 500-horsepower Altair has been cut down from 320 gallons to 118 gal lons, and yet, whsn he broke the solo record to Australia in a 124-horse power Percival Gull plane, he carried 116 gallons. Thr? Air Ministry replies that Ame rica authorised the Altair to fly witU an overall weight of 5500 lb.. and em phasises that the petrol load could be increased if the weight elsewhere was sacrificed. 