 AIR SERVICES. DEVELOPMENTS FORECAST. London to Darwin in 4& Days. LONDON, 12th July. An air service to Darwin in 4)4 days, carried out by seaplanes flying day and night, and services to Capetown and the Argentine and New York, are being discussed with shipping, and banking in- terests by Mrs. H. B. Tate, Conservative member for West Willesden, in the House of Commons, and Squadron Leader Wln- ltcId-Smith. Mrs. Tale says that by using the ex isting harbors "and meteorological and radio facilities the services could be ope rated without subsidies. The machines would carry between 30 and 40 passen gers and travel at a speed of 190 miles an hour. . LUXURY LINERS. Monoplanes for Imperial Airways Eight monoplanes, capable ot seating 66 passengers, have been ordered by Im perial Airways from Armstrong Whlt- worth.Ltd.. as the first batch of its new fleet, soys the correspondent of the .Daily Mail." The aeronautical liners v.-lll be capable of developing 3600 h.p. from four engines, and will travel nearly 200 miles an hour on the Australian and African routes, permitting longer range. The accommodation comprises a lounge, kitchen, bar, baggage room and a smokeroom, Imperial Airways' objective being to . provide -.every ship-board com fort. ' .Two four-englned flying boats, capable of carrying thirty passengers, are being constructed as an experiment,' and will bo tried out on the Mediterranean and between Bermuda and Nov/ York. Trans- Atlantic Service. The Government is taking steps to hasten the British trans-Atlantic air service, and has appointed a committee ' to examine the possible routes and types of- machines. It is expected that the report will be speedily forthcoming, en abling . Imperial Airways to order the right kind of aircraft without delay. It is understood that three routes are being ' considered— (1 ) Direct from Ireland to Newfound land. This would be the shortest, but there is the problem of the hop of 2060 miles non-stop. (2) Southerly, via Lisbon or Gibraltar . to the Azores and Bermuda. There Is the similar. problem of a long hop. (3) Via the Arctic. Tills Is 1000 miles longer than- the direct route, and partly over territory that does not belong to the British , Empire, but It solves the range problem. None of the stages ts longer than from 600 to 800 miles. The appointment of the Cabinet sub committee follows the recent announce ment that the Bellanca Aircraft . Cor poration of U.S.A. was planning a trans- Atlantic aeroplane flight In a few weeks, with Mr. Cllve Pangborn as pilot. The Government was urged last week to en sure that Imperial Airways were ade quately supported In respect to trans atlantic passenger flying. STRATOSPHERE BALLOON. Mysterious Explosion: NEW YORK,12th July.1 The second- attempt by United States army fliers to explore the strotosphero nearly ended in disaster to-day, when a giant balloon that had been, con structed for them by' the National. Geo graphic Society and military authorities, exploded at Rapid City. South Dakota. No- one was injured, as the ges bag fortunately was inflated with helium. It collapsed, harmlessly around Its metal "gon dola, which had. not left the ground. About twenty of the ground crew, were caught by the folds of white fabric as the bag, which towered 300 feet above rhem, crumpled. Observers are at a loss to explain the cause of the accident. There had been no hitch in the preparations, and every thing haa pointed toward a successful start for ah exploration of the strato sphere. When the explosion occurred, 375,000 cubic feet of gas hissed out, and filled the. surrounding air with a blue haze. The . balloon was claimed to be the larg est in the world. 