 1 AUSTRALIA TO LONDON ,1 IN 6 % DAYS $ I DUTCH 'PLANES MAY | STOP AT DARWIN j Link There With Service j From Adelaide 1 COMPLETING DETAILS QIX and a half days from London to Darwin and eight and a half days to Sydney via Adelaide — that is f! the probable schedule when the Dutch air service 1 comes to Australia. . j The existing British service takes 11 days to Dar- 1 win and 12 J to Brisbane. This will be reduced gradu- | ally to seven days to Sydney with flying boats, next year. At present it is regarded as unlikely that the I Dutch line will fly to Sydney. It is expected that it | will link with an Australian airline at Darwin. An official announcement of details of the agree- l ment for the Dutch service will be made shortly, the 1 Acting-Minister for Defence, Mr. Thorby, said to-day. j j. nc ouiniaunwuuiLU nas consented | to the application of Royal Nether- | lands Indies Airways to fly to Aus- 3 tralia, but details have yet to be com- j pleted. I Mr. Thorby, speaking by telephone ' from Orange, said he was unable to discuss the matter beyond stating that the Commonwealth Ministers in Aus- : tralia were in communication with the Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) and the British Government on the matter. The Commonwealth was endeavor ing to reach an agreement with the Dutch Government on certain points. Mr. Thorby said. Fly Down Inland The connecting air-line will prob ably serve Sydney and Melbourne via Adelaide, flying from Darwin through Central Australia, with Alice Springs as a half-way base Guinea Airways, Ltd., which re cently began operations in Australia, established itself on this route a few months ago with the fastest nirliner hi Australia, a Lockheed Electra They have ordered a second Lock heed Electra to start a service be tween Adelaide and Sydney. Tills route is alternative to the more direct route across Queensland, on which the Qantas-Empire Airways service flies. It is not thought that the Dutch would be permitted to compete di rectly with Qantas along that route. The difference in length of the Central Australian route is regarded as almost inconsiderable for higli- 1 speed 'planes. Indies Facilities i The Dutch would use Douglas | 'planes from Batnvia. These cruise , u i tow iiiuua twi num. The managing director of Qantas Empire Airways (Mr. Hudson Fyxh) tn-day declined to discuss the matter He had received no advice that the Dutch request had been granted. No advice has been received by Dutch airways representatives In Sydney. Mr. A. Bakker. one of them said to-day that he was, therefore, not in a position to discuss the mat ter. ! It is understood that reciprocal provisions mentioned in connection with the agreement affect, mainly aircraft facilities hi the Dutch East Indies. Qantas-Empire Airways flies a twice- weekly service over about 1000 miles ol Dutch territory, en routs to Singapore, using Dutch aerodromes. In addition, the use of Dutch har bors is part of the Empire flying-boat plan. Royal Dutch Airways (K.L.M.), parent company of Royal Netherlands Indies Airways (K.N.I.L.M.), which will run the new service to Austra lia, already flies over long stretches of British territory on its service to Amsterdam from Eatavia. Fast, New Fleet The Commonwealth is not obliged to give any service the right to carry mails. It prefers that all air mails to and from Australia shall be car ried In Australian or British ma chines. In the Dutch agreement it has re served all outward mails for the Empire service. Some doubt exists about inward mails, it is possible that an arrange ment will be made for the Dutch line to carry nurelv Dutch mails, which will be distributed in Australia for an extra postage charge. In Juno the Dutch propose to fly- on the Amsterdnm-Eatavift route a new fleet of Douglas airliners, which enrrv 18 passengers at 190 miles an hour. The cruising sneed of Qantas air liners plying between ' Brisbane and Singapore is 145 miles an hour. US. AIR LOADING INQUIRIES To study Pacific conditions with a view to eventual granting of mail subsidies to U.S. air services. Mr. W T. Miller, arrived at Sydney to-day by the Awatea. He comes from cne Bureau oi nn Commerce, U.S. Department of Com merce. Washington. Mr. Miller predicted that in three years, passenger stratosphere flights with oxygen-filled cabins will be introduced. Mr. Miller v/ill remain in Aus tralia till towards the end of next month. His idea is to gain some estimate of the amount of mail, freight, and the number of passengers likely to 1 be carried on air services between ; the United States, points in the ! Pacific, and New Zealand. I Although the Americans had no plans for services between Australia nnd New Zealand, agreements and I arrangements between Governments ; for the carriage of mail would be necessary when the British service started, 'lie said. So now, he wanted to discover what traffic might be expected from Aus tralia. „ ... j He had no connection with the I Pan-American service, he said. That ; company was bearing the cost of establishing the service to New Zea- land, and he was interested only in the question of indirect subsidy, in the form of a mail contract. Competition Expected Mr. Miller said he understood that the question or a regular service by Pan-American flying-boats to New Zealand would be decided in the near future. Even though an American air ser vice between San Francisco and New Zealand seemed certain, lie saw no reason to prevent other nations from opening similar services, he said. He expected to see competitive lines, perhaps Australian, New Zea land. British or Canadian, flying over similar routes. Air services, like shipping, could be competitive. "In the near future," he continued. " 'planes "'ill be flying from west to east. 3000 miles across America, through the sub-stratosphere, in one hop. "In think that the future of fly ing will he in the sub-stratosphere or stratosphere, with oxygen - tilled cabins. Engineers in America are working on this idea now. "Safely devices, in the form of small containers with oxveen, will be nrmdded for eacii passenger, so that they will be ouite comfortable and unaffected in the event of the failure of the main supp'v in the cabin. I think that this will be seen ill three tears. Mr. Clemenl Masking, conductor of the Sydney Folk Song Choir, who are singing special music in the Pageant of Empire at the Conservatorium to night and to-morrow in aid of Dr Bnrnnrdo's Homes. Mr. Hosking will go abroad In August. He intends to travel round the British Isles making a study of folk music. 