 BROADBENT'S FAST FLIGHT Darwin to London In 6 days 10 hr. 55 min. NEW RECORD SET LONDON, May 3. Making,a new record of 6 days 10 hr. 55 min. for a solo flight from Australia to England, H. F. Broadbent arrived. at Lympne to day. He thus eclipsed the previous record, 7 days. 19 hr. 50 mmin., made by H. L. Brook in 1935, by 1 day 8 hr. 55 min. Broadbent made the flight in this remarkably fast time, in spite of the fact that bad weather on April 29 forced him to turn back to Rangoon, causing him to lose several hours. But for this delay his time would have been even better. In his Leopard Moth monoplane he left Darwin at 6.45 p.m. on April 27. Watchers at Lympne sighted his plane low over the English Channel at 5.38 p.m., escorted by a number of planes which had flown out to meet him, and he landed amid cheers at 5.41 p.m. When he emerged, a bronzed, hatless figure, wearing a white sweater, grey flannels, and an open shirt, he looked tired but pleased. He carried a small wallet, his only luggage. "'I've got no coat." he ex plained. Radio Flash to Wife One of his first thoughts after land ing was to send a radio message td the ship in which his wife is travelling to London from Australia wvith their daughter. "They will be thrilled to hear that I've landed safely with so much time margin," he said. He remained at Lympne only long enough to clear the Customs and sign children's autograph books, and then announced, "I'm off to Hanworth. I always stay there." Smilingly he stepped out of his plane at Hanworth. "Well, I set out to finish it successfully this time, and I've done it," he declared, adding: "My flight was uneventful, and my machine ran perfectly. Of course, I had to keep awake, but somehow I managed it. I got some sleep on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, which helped me greatly. I drahk water on the way, also meat essence. The most anxious time was near Rangoon, when I encountered the storms which precede the monsoon, but I got through safely." After seeing the plane safely in the hangar, Broadbent went off to eat "my first good dinner for several days." He said that he might enter for the King's Cup air race, adding:-"I have no immediate plans, but I expect to be in England for a year. I've come more for a holiday than for anything else." 