 SIX AND A HALF ''DAYS - LONDON TO DARWIN Proiected Dutch Air Schedule Will Dutch Planes Fly Through to Sydney? MELBOURNE, April 30. Six and a-half days from London to Darwin is the probable schedule of the Dutch air service which is to be established shortly. Douglas airliners will be used all the way. Statements that Dutch planes will fly straight through to Sydney are disbelieved m, aviation circles, but no Australian aviation interests will admit any agreement to link up with the Dutch. The Dutch will soon have a connect ing link between Batavia and Manila to join the Netherlands Indies and Australia with . the Manila-San Francisco flying boat service. Australians will save sev eral days on a flight to America by using this line rather than the present Imperial Airways link by way of Pen- ang and Hong Kong. The Federal Cabinet's decision estab lishes an important principle of policy that in future permission may be given to aircraft of any friendly Power to land in Australia in the same way as its ships arc allowed into our ports. Permission will be subject to the reservation that reciprocal facilities will be provided for Australian machines to land in and fly over territory controlled by a foreign Power. ... This has been done in the agreement with the Netherlands Government. The decision opens up the possibility of Pan-American Airways seeking' an ex tension of the San -Francisco-Auckland service to Sydney. It was stated on high authority to-day that if such a request were made the Commonwealth Govern ment would not refuse it. -- CARRIAGE OF MAILS. Die Commonwealth is not obliged to give any service of the right to carry mails. : It prefers that all air malls to and from Australia shall be carried in Australian or British machines. In the Dutch agreement it has reserved all mails for the Empire service. Some doubt exists' about the position of inward mails. It is possible that an arrangement will be made for the K.L.M. line to carry purely Dutch mails, which will' be distributed in Australia for an extra postage surcharge. PRINCIPLES OF NAVIGATION ACT. The Commonwealth is applying the principles of the Navigation Act to the Dutch service, in that it will not allow passengers or freights to be carried be tween Australian cities. No details of the K.L.M. line's pro posed route from Java has been sub mitted to the Federal Government, but it is not thought likely that the service will operate further than Darwin at pre sent. . If the outtyards' mall were sent from Australia the surcharge would pro bably be at least 3/ a half ounce, although the four days saving; at the present might attract some rtall. The disparity In the cost will be. vastly increased and . the disparity In time reduced next year when flying boats are caryring- Australian mail to -Eng land for 5d.. a half ounce and bringing English mall here for lid. a half ounce. The Imperial Airways and Qantas Empire Airways flying boat service, when it beglnu; will be much . slower than the Dutch service, but ultimately a seven day service from Melbourne and Sydncv to London is planned, and the Dutch are unlikely, even when their Amstcrdam-Batavla ser vice is speeded up, to beat tha't by much. It is thought unlikely that the Qnntas Empire Airways service will take over passengcra travelling by Dutch Douglases to Darwin, as usu ally they have little spare accom modation. It is dlso thought - un likely that .any company arranging to meet the Dutch would follow the Qantas route by way of Charlevilie and Brisbane. 