 LONDON TO DARWIN IN ?TWO DAYS Mollison Mav Do The Trick-If (By a Correspondent) - Jim Mollison may fly from England to Darwin m two days, breaking the record set in the Centenary Race . by Charles Scott and the late Tom Campbell-Black. . If— TWEATHER and winds arc kind to him. He Is not too tired after the first day to land and take off his tiny Mew Gull; His motor keeps going, as It should: His navigation Is as good as it has been In the past; and. biggest doubt of all, If he can stand the appalling strain of 48 almost continuous hours In a cramped, comfortless cockpit, with the bellow of 200 horsepower in his ears while he ceaselessly checks navigation, motor, weather, as the successful Tong-distance pilot must. ,\ But the bullet-like Mew Gull, triumph of design though It is, 1b not the machine - for such a Job. Its virtue Is Its speed— ap- proximately equal to the Comet's maximum of 230 miles an hour. Twenty-four feet from wing-tip to wing-tip, and weighing only , half a ton empty, it Is an aeroplane only lust big enough to fit a Gipsy Six engine to, and to fit a pilot Into. After a few hours, flying such an aero plane must become very poor fun, as Halso and Miller, both of whom entered earlier type Mew Gulls In the Johannesburg race, surely discovered. ¥ . ¥ ¥ ' Molllson's career has been one of the most spectacular In stunt flying since he found cruising the Fokkers of the Original Australian National Airways between Mel bourne and Sydney uninspiring work, and broke Scott's Darwin-London record. ~. He has flown the North and South Atlan tic solo, the North Atlantic, both ways, held the London-Cape record, and has always spaced his long flights with enough Judg ment to keep In the public eye. , _ , ' If he Is really retiring, he Is wise. People are beginning ? to realise that hazardous flights In single-engined 'planes don't mean a thing to aviation. And although Mollison may be a genuine fatalist, statements such as 'I have no real certainty of ever being seen again once I set out,' like the descrip tion of his 'plane's colors, 'red for blood and black for death,' are too theatrical to go down with anyone. ? But don't tell him so. He Is slight and looks almost delicate, yet he has a straight left and a right hook that are as effective as his flying technique. 