 7 DAYS TO DARWIN New Empire Air Mails LONDON. Thursday. Australian Associated Press Imperial Airways announce a big speed-up in services over 20,000 miles of trunk routes. The new schedule on the Australian ser- vice begins on April 5, and pro-j vides for 7 days, 2 hours j Southampton to Darwin; 8 days 23 hours Southampton to Bris bane. 'To India from Southampton the time will bo 2Vi days, and to South Africa ! \xh days. Times from Southampton to otnpr points on the Australian and Far East routes will be: Alexandria, one day three hours; Karachi, two days nine hours; Calcutta, three days six hours; Bangkok, four days seven hours; Hongkong, five days six hours; Singapore, five days two hours. Times to South African towns will be: Cairo, one day five hours; Khartoum, two days ono hour; Kisumu, two days 23 hours: Mombasa, three days 2V4 hours; Durban, four days 10 hours. II is claimed that the services will be as fast or faster than any long-distance service in the world. No Night-Flying They will operate without night-fly ing. Further accelerations are likely in the near future. Increased passenger and mail traffic is expected. Passengers to India, the Far East, and Australia will sleep for the night at Alliens. Basra. Karachi, Calcutta. Bang kok. Singapore, Ramfcang. Darwin and Longrcacn. A Wednesday service from Bangkok to Hongkong is planned to give Austra lia direct air connection with China of less than a week. Brisbane-Durban, 11 Days The Herald Special Representative LONDON; Thursday. — The faster services will be due to more efficient! ground organisation which will allow: greater advantage to be taken of the1 planes' speed. : Under the new timc-tablo it will be: possible to reach Durban via Alex andria from Brisbane in 11 days. A letter from Montreal would reach Bris-j bane under 14 days. j "Scotty" Allan, the Australian pilot, will leave for Australia tomorrow with the first Qantas flying-bout He wilt make n survey flight along the coast to Brisbane. The flying-boat will re main in the Brisbane River for the! training of pilots and wireless oper- \ ntors. A second Quntas flying-boat will: leave for Australia on April 20. \ 