 BROADBENT MAKES NEW SOLO RECORD Darwin-England In 5 Days, 4 Hours LANDING IN RAIN Attempt On Scott-Black Record Possible From "The Advertiser" Special Representative LONDON. April 23. Beating Miss Jean Batten's solo flight record by 13 hours 54 minutes. H. P. Broadbent landed at Lympne at 1051 p.m. yesterday, 5 days 4 hours 21 minutes out from Darwin. About 100 persons had been vailing for two or three hours, but. having heard that bad weather was betas ex perienced in Italy and France, they hardly expected Broadbent to be on time. However, just when a heavy rain squall had driven all to KV?ltj?r to a hansar. a plane was heard, and Broadbent circled twice and landed. Broadbents first remark was. "Now. lets get this right. What is the tame?" After making adjustments lor British .summer time, the flight time was fixed at 5 days 4 hours 21 minutes. On the occasion of his last flight there was some confusion. Head Winds All Hie Way In an interview. Broadbent said. "I had head winds nearly all the way. but the weather was not bad until I reached Rome. I landed at SourabaFa an the first hop to thank the friends who were so good during my troubles on the war out. but most of them were away in the hills I was nearly bogged three times on the drome. "Prom Singapore I proceeded to Ban soon and then Jodhpur—lJoo miles cm one cup of tea. My journey between Singapore and Cyprus was accom plished almost entirely without rest or food. Here is my menu for a couple of days. Wednesday—Breakfast, a cup of tea; lunch, nil: dinner, sandwiches, with 10 bottles of soft drinks during the day. Thursday—Breakfast, nil: lunch, nil: dinner at Cyprus, never mind what I ate. "I think I dislike the Singapore-Ban j goon stage as much as any. The mon soon had started in Burma, making most unpleasant stages totalling 3368 miles, equal to one-third of the joum ney. "While at Jodhpur I was interested in the Maharajah's private fleet, which includes a Lockheed. 12 Leonard Moths. a E3em Swallow, a Tiger Moth, and a Gull. Sleep At Kieosiz -When 60 miles from Athens yester jday morning I was joined by a Greek operated Junkers 52. It wanned my i heart to have a. friend near, especially {when there is a sea underneath. I i spent 12 marvellous hours at Kaosia- A ! five-hour sleep enabled me to meet yes : terday's troubles, which began at Borne. { "Nearing the aerodrome I ran into dirty weather, with a tremendous bump, but I felt better when I was J fairly in it. I was drenched In land i ing and nearly bogged. Officials at first : would not let me leave because two other planes were circling the 'drome ; awaiting the land ing signal. One [ descended, and I coaxed permission tc - leave without waiting for the other. l "The bad weather caused me to play . for safety. First I went round th-> , coast to the south of France. I nst ■up the Rhone valley ngaimd- jstron; head winds and set a compass course . for Lympne. but was compelled to re ' turn. I decided to land at Lyons, but • changed my mind, set a compass corns? ■ aeain and found tint weatteff just good [ enough to continue." ' To Retain By Steamer [ Broadbent autographed SO dips for . admirers after the necessary Customs ; formalities had been fulfilled. He in , tends starire in Ifripland for about four : weeks, and then returning to Australia ' by steamer. > Broadbent has definitely decided • against further record breaking in i sin^le-engined light planes, which be considers too risky. But he wants to ; assail Scott and Campbell Black's Eng ; land to Darwin record, provided he can r I obtain a specially built machine to I cruise about 240 miles an hour. ; The Secretary for Air 'Lord Swin - torn telegraphed his congratulations ■ Broadbent also received congratnla : tions from Miss Batten. 