 Sakes New Air DARW IN TO LONDON IN 5 DAYS 4 HR. 21BMIN. Beats Jean Batten's Time By 13. Hr. 54 Min. LONDON, April 22. Flying alone from Darwin to London in 5 Sdays 4 hours 21 minutes, H. F. Broadbent beat • Miss Jean Batten's record by 13 hours 54 min utes. Broadbent, who left Darwin at 3 a.m. (Ade laide time) last Monday, arrived in Rome today dur ing a thunderstorm which extended over the Apennines, making flying conditions very bad. However, he boldly flew on after refuelling, arriv ing at Lympne at 10.52 p.m. (G.M.T.). Broadbent's achievement adds an other laurel to a successful record breaking career and provides a triumph for the Australian airman's determination. He unhesitatingly decided to make the attempt on the Australia-England record after a hazardous flight from' England had ended abruptly, when the England-Australia record was in sight. He wds found on the Flares group of islands, in the Dutch East Indies, with his Vega Gull machine damaged. But he later repaired it and came on to Australia. Hiecord-breaking attempts are not new to Broadbent. and his latest flights have both been intended to smash records established by the New ,Zea land flier Miss Jean Batten. EARLIER ATTEMPTS . Prior to his March flight to Aus tralia, which was interrupted by the Flores forced landing, he had made three previous attempts on the Eng land-Australia record. In 1931 he set out in a Blackburn Bluebird, but was| forced down in Turkey. He tried again in November. 1935. but had to make a forced landing at Basra whern he was ahead of schedule. On his next attempt he was more successful. reaching Darwin in 165 hours 19 minutes, thus beating Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's record by 7½ hours. After a succelssful flight round Aus tralia Broadbent made a successful at tempt on H. L. Brook's time for a solo flight from Australia to England. in April. 1937. Clipping 1 day 8 hours 55 min utes off Brook's record, he reached Lympne in 6 days 10 hours 55 min utes. This time is interesting, compared with his latest time of 5 days 5 hours 22 minutes. Broadbent was awarded the Harmon Air Trophy for 1935 as the British avia tor who had done most to advance aviation during the year. Previously he had been awarded the Oswald Watt Trophy for 1935, for the best flying performance by an Australian, and other high international honors. On the flight just completed Broad bent set.. himself a most ambitious schedule.. . When. he created his 1937 record for the flight to England he re marked, "I would not repeat it for worlds; it is so silly." Jean Batten still holds the solo record of five days 21 hours three minutes from England to Australia. H. F. BROADBENT, who now holds the Australio-England solo air. record. 