 SHIPPING NEWS HOBART TOWN ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES.-Nil. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. Sydney, Waterlily, this day. California, Spray» ditto. Melbourne, Tasmania (steamer), ditto. -Eliza, to-morrow. -Esperanza, 26th instant -Dart, ditto. London, Australasia, 1st March. -Derwentwater, (Jth ditto. A harquo, a brig, and threo schooners aro coining up tlio river. The steam-vessel Clarence made a very excellent run across tho Straits this last trip, having left the wharf at Melbourne on Saturday noon ami arrived alongside the Queen's Wharf on Sunday evening. ¡She brings over a full complement of passengers, who speak in high praise of her excellence as a sea-boat in the heavy weather she brought across with her. The Clarence reports the ship Shirley, from Salem (W.S.), out 114 days, on shore on tho west bank of the West Channel, in Port Phillip Bay, as she carno out at four p.m. on Saturday afternoon.- Cornwall Chronicle. We have to record the total wreck of the barque Merope, from information afforded us by Captain Fawthrop, of tho brig City of Sydney, just arrived from Portland. The Merope was on a voyage from Melbourne to Adelaide with passengers, and on her passage called at Portland for supplies. She sailed from thence on the 17th, and during the night, by some neglect of order issued by the master, the vessel ran upon the shore about three miles to the eastward of second river near Port Fairy: the passengors, above one hundred, wore all saved, but the vessel was a complete wreck, and uninsured.-Ibid. THE NAVIGATION OF THE MURRAY.-It will be remembered that in the Herald of Sept. 24th, 1852, a paragraph appeared about the successful termination of Captain Cadell's navigation of the Murray in South Australia, taken from an Adelaide paper, in which it stated that a steamer was building in Sydney for the purpose of trading up and down that river : this steam- er, built by Mr. Chowne, is now fast arriving towards completion, and will shortly be ready to receive her engines on board. She is constructed entirely on the American principle, with four air-tight compartments, her breadth of deck is considerable over that of her hull ; her boilers go below, and machinery works on deck, precisely in the same way as those on board the Mississipi boats ; she is housed in fore and aft, and is built of the lightest materials, to ensure a small draft of water. The following are the dimensions : extreme length, 103 feet ; beam, 12 feet; breadth across the deck, 20 feet ; depth of hold 5 feet 6 inches. Tho steering apparatus will be fixed in the stem of the vessel, thus allowing the steersman an unobstructed look-out. The hull is in a forward state and will be ready for launching in a week or two. The motive power is obtained from two high pressure engines, of 20 horse power each, on the horizontal principle-now in progress of construction by Messrs. George Russell and Co., Engineers, Sussex-street. The engines are provided with two boilers of great evaporative power and capacity, in order to increase the power of the engines in case of emergency, and will be fixed below the deck ; the stokc-room amidships, between the ends of the boilers ; the cylinders, and other part of the engines, will be fixed on the deck. The engines ?exhibit several improvements in their construction, combining simplicity and strength. As a whole, it is confidently anticipated that the little vessel will attain a high speed.-Sydney Herald. 