 'a-.'r r .i-y a'-l OF THE city . of "melbourne AND. NEVADA ; ' WITH NEWS I prom san pran cisco TO THE 13th SEPTEMBER, ; . ' AND ; ' FROM LONDON TO THE SAME DATE.' / ' "' NINE BAYS LATER ATEWS. , (BY ELECTRIC .TELEGRAPH.,' ' 1 ' . : I ... I (australian assoutated press teleorams.) . Sydney. This Dav. The City of Melbourne entered jtho Heads at 9 o'clock, with the Nevada twenty miles off. ! Latest spocial dato3 from Lonjdon are to 13th- September. Wheat, 12s lOd. Market firm. ' ' Fiji papers report the American _Con- eul and fifty seamen from 8t. Mary's, loft Lcvuka in tlio King's yacht" on a socrot mission. ; . Considerable, ili-feeling is caused by Mr. Brougham, Polioo Magistrate, having had Mr. Muir, the storekeeper, hand cuffed for alleged contempt of court. London, 13th September. . Tho Queon is recovering. 35,000 colliers and ironworkers in Wales ore on "strike for an advance of 10 per cent, on their wages. ; . ' The training ship Racer is ashore at Uyde. Mont. Cenis Tunnel is opened, land trains run regularly. I Baron Rotbchild's .Hannah won the Don- caster St Legrr. ' j Wheat 12s 6d, wool'firm, consols, 02jJ to 93J. """ ' ; ' . ,. Amorioan Produce Markets.— Hides, dry, 221c. to 23c., salted, 11)0.; ppeijm oil Idol. 22c., whale, 5Tio. The Thati supports Btrikers ih" tho nine hours movement, upon moral and sanitary grounds, ' ' i . Potato disea-e appeared in Lancashire. ' . Newcastle strike virtually defeated. 1 Foot and mouth disease increasing in Lei cestershire. . ;r ! Th6' American ship Lorello, from Hiunhnrg, arrived at Cardiff with four of her crew dead from cholora. Vessel quarantined. Terms of treaty made between Russia and Prussia early in the year have boon pub lished. King Amndcns has recovered. ; Brussels, 12th Soptcmber. — The machine Bhops of tho city havo been' closed by the proprietors ; tho strikers are parading the streets. ' i - Rome, 8th September. — Tapa! journals contain severe criticism, upon' Napcdeoniam. Residence of Pops threatened to bo burned down. | " Evacuation by German troops of four de partments continues ; will be Completed by 13thinst. . 1 ' ' London, 8th (September. The Russian authorities regard the demon strations of Slavonians with suspicion. . London, 10th September. Tho Clerical party in Rome ( has resolved to make a . grand demonstration, .and the Red Republicans intend to make a counter demonstration. It is anticipated that this will lead to a collision between tho parties. London, 13th September. Her Majesty tho Queen has recovered from her indisposition. Tho death of Mr. Montgomery is con firmed. i A serious nod fatal accident occurred at Wigon, where a coal mine exploded and sixty persona were killod. j It is reported that the Marquis of Lorn will bo appointed Governor-General of India, and tho Marquis of Lansdowne Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. „ There have been some oxtensivo strikes amongst tho colliery hands. ! - Lord Elcho has been iujared by tho burst ing of a musket. ..!' No. fewer than 150 persons dio daily in Kiel (Russia) from cholera, and the plague is not abating. , i A Republican, who is in prison, has mado statements implicating the Duke do Mont- ponsicr in the assassination of General Frim. ftisstated that the real moaning of-the Russian and l'russian treaty ,is that in the eventof Austria being involved in war Russia: will act with the Germans! , M. Gambetta is intriguing at Paris for his porsonal political ascendancy! The Assembly is evincing a refractory' spirit. Paris, -1th September. A correspondent, writing from Rome; states Beveral eminent cardinals and' bishops, who are in favor of the doctrine of the infallibility of the Pope, uro reconciled to the political situation. j The riimore which got about of dissensions between Italy and Franco' are denied; Paris, 10th September. A conspiracy lias boen dotected through which it was intended to burn down the arsenal at Toulon. . ' ! . Munich, 7th September. Count Armn, the representative of Bavaria' at Homo, has been . superaedod by Count Frautimiisoiff, who is a partisan of Count Dollinger's. ! Rome, Otii September, The Papal journals are writing against a revolutionary society, which threatens to burn down the Vatican. SAN FRANCISCO MARKETS. Flour firm at advanced rates. Large ship ments made to China. Superfine, 6 dol. 75 c. to 7 dol. ; Oregon, 7 dol. ,25 o. to 7 dol. 75 c. per barrel. Wheat active. Choice, 2 dol. 53 c. to 2 dol. 70 c. per cental. Bio Guns and IIig Bells.— A South Aus tralian paper relates that some time ago Mr. W. Eggors, of tho South Australian Zeilun&lt;,. on behalf of the Evangelical Lutheran Beth- lohom community, forwurded to' the Emperor of Germany a photographic - plan of the churoh that is now being.erectpd in Flinders- street, Adelaide. At tho pamo timo he re quested that, as a mementjo.of - the events Germany had latolji passed through, and a r'omemhraucer of his: Majjesty and the Em press, one or '.'two captured French cannon might, bo sont for thq purpose of boiug melted and made into, >two bells,' .to.'bnnamed're- spectiycly " Wilhelm" and " AugUBte,",, Tlio sound of .thos? ftomthe chhrcb toworVould, it was remarked, bftpg tie minds of f ntnre . generations the unity nvkwh had been brought about. jn the "deftr.old Fatherland duringitfief reign :pf,the,3,#r®?i:iln answrerrto ti»is, Mr; Emers; .-received , a! commdnlcation by last. ' YnaU from ' Priuce Bipmark, stating- tinST afceedid to the request," 'ahd' thMitwo ghngSilglmig about 26001b,' would be banded over immediately to any person deputed to receive them. 