 TELEGRAMS THIS DAY. Cable Messages. raKUTEn'S 8PBCIAL TKLBGOAStS. i Prorogation of the Imperial Parlia ment—The Queen's Speech. LONDON, via Singapore, August S, 11.40 p.m. Bscerred is firdser. Austust 9, 1.40 a.m. The P. and O. Company's mail stsamBhip Baroda orriTedat Oalle on the 3rd. Parliament w«b prorogued this day. The Queen1* speech states : Foreign relations continue friendly, nnd her Majesty's Government will employ their influence to maintain treaty obligations for the purpose of pr#motin# and consolidating the peace of Europe. A delegate was sent to the Brussels Coaference after assurances had been received from the »ther Powers that na proposal should be mado to alter tha recoznised rules of international law, or to place restrictions upon naral operations; and .full freedom had been reserved to accept or reject the recommendations ef the Conference. Negotiations had besm entered into respecting the Reciprocity Treaty with America, relatiye t« Canada, and it was resolved tliat the treaty should be revised at an early date. Her Majesty deaply lamented tee coRtiautnce of disturbances in Spam, and waile earnestly de siring the restoration of peace and civil order, it was beliered that result would be most surely brought abaut by rigid abstinence from inter- | ference. i The treaty with the Sultan of Zanzibar, respect- j inc; the slaro trade, had bean faithfully observed, j and had already accomplished much good. j Her Majesty was thankful to state that the I famine in India, had been attended hitherto with ' little mortality, and this was mainly attributable i to the exertions of the Yicersy «f India, and of his subordinates. Steady progress had been made in the pacifica tion and organisation of tke G«ldCaast. A treaty of peace kci been concluded with important tribes. The King of Aihaatee had persevered in dia chariring the obligations impose'* upon him . Her Majesty trusted that tha reduction in taxa tion! when fully operating upon imports, woald cause an increased elasticity in tke revenue. The speech concluded with ax enumeration of tbe measures of the session, and with th* an nouncement that through th* good offices of Ger many and the otker powers, ' France had taken measures to preserr* neutrality at the Pyrenees (tha Spanish frontier), and that this result had been obtained without wounding the dignity *f France. LONDON', August 8. Rewired la Sydney, August 10, 13.K a.m. The harvest is proceeding satisfactorily. The corn market is drosputg. ? The finer qualities of Adelaide wheat fraely f *teh 60s to 62s per 498 lbs. Adelaide flour is w*rth 41s t» 45s per 230 lbs, according to quality. . The copper market it depressed, owing te a Urge influx «f American are. Chili is quoted at £76 per ton; Australian, at £86 to £37. The tin market is unsettled, with receding quo tetions. Straits is selling st £93. 