 COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS.] ARRIVAL OF THE CALIFORNIA MILL. SYDNEY, May 27. The Tartar has arrived with the Cali fornian mail two days under the contract time, bringing English newspapers up to April 2. London, April 2. The Marquis of Downshire is dead. Professor Goldwin Smith expresses him- &lt;*> self in favor of Home Rule for Ireland, giving the country legislative power. and the administration of tta local affairs, as on joyed by the United States of America* The annual review of volunteers has beea held at Wimbledon. Ten thousand men were under arms. The International Exhibition was opened at Sonth Kensington. The steamer Egypt, from New York, reports the abandonment of the French steamer Esrope in a «inl.-ing condition. It is rumored that Disraeli is to marry the Dcwager Conntess of Chesterfield. The Dnke and Duchess of Edinburgh will soon visit Ireland. Blr. Macaulay, brother of Lord Ma caulay, the groat historian, is dead. A steam boiler in a factory at Hamil ton, near Glasgow, exploded, and crashed into a schoolroom full of children, of whom three were killed, and thirty more or less injured. Subscriptions are asked for two .aged sisters of Dr. Livingstone, who are in straitened circumstances. The Marquis of Glanricarde is dead. The Victor Emanuel, with invalids from the Gold Coast, has arrrived at Portsmouth. Nineteen died on the passage. The office of Solicitor-General has been tendered to Mr. Huddlestone, Q.C., and declined. Fifty thousand persona were present at the landing of Livingstone's remains. The hearse waa followed by a line of carriages, and the body waa taken to the Geogra phical Society's Rooms to await the , funeraL The House of Commons has p"*"d thb aeoond reading of a Bill to suppress bet- { ting houses in Scotland. j The Queen, in a menage to Pat—a. 1 ment, recommends a grant of £25,000 to General Wolseley. The rowing match >etween Badler and Bagnall, fer the championship of tha Thames, was won by the former by throe lengths. The papen generally approve of the Budget. The Ztm?s points to tiie fact that the revenne for the coming year ia estimated on an anpifeoedentedly liberal scale, aad considers tiie proposed re duction of the debt email in comparison. • Placards are posted in tho agricultural districts cautioning emigrants against going to America, and stating that 40,000 of the laboring classes in tiiat country are ready to return to England. It is unanimously tha . opiiuon of English financiers that President Grant's veto of the Finance Bill will prove bene ficial to American credit. The London Post says that Mr. Grant haa once more saved his country, and deserves the ap plause of the nation. April 34. The 111 Ia rquia of Balisbory has sailed. Tlie harvest of India promises to be abundant, and the present provisions againat the faming are amp— [latest speciaa.] In the course of the debate in the House of Commons, referring to the sud denness of the late dissolution, Mr. Smollettaaidthat Mr. Gladstone had re sorted to stratagem, which waa ungenerous to friends, insolent to opponents, and hardly honest to the nation. Mr. Gladstone, in bis reply, charged Mr. Smollett with a lack of decency and manliness, and then immediately left tiw House. France. Paris, April 8. Chas. Ernest Bnckle, a distinguished classical scholar, sand member of the French Assembly, is dead. - The Core of Santa Cruz is acquitted on the charge of notation of tbe neatralitj laws, and discharged, bnt forbidden to remain in Ffcaaoe. He will reside in Belgium for the present. The Government haa received de spatches from New Caledonia to the effect that the escape of Rochefort and other Communist convicts waa aooom plished by the connivance of the colonials. It is rumored that the ex-Empress Eugenic will visit Paris shortly. The Military Tribunal haa acquitted Colonel Stoeffel of suppressing despatches during the late war. Negotiations for a postal treaty with Amerioa are progressing favorably. Count de Ohambord has arrived at Versailles. Germany. April a Prince Bismarck's health ia improving, but in consequence of his alow recovery it is resolved to appoint Camphaaaen a> Vice-Chancellor. The Conservatives and DltramontanisU are actively intriguing to supplant Bis marck by MantenffeL The trial of the Archbishop of Posen has resulted in his conviction, and he ia sentenced to dismissal from hia See for contumacy. No appeal is to be allowed. Austria. April 8. It is understood that the opposition of the Vatican to the ecclesiastical policy of the Austrian Government is merely formal. The Bishops withdrew from the Upper House of the Reichstag in a body. Spain. April 8. Duvcmois and other officers of ths Territorial Bank of Spain (have been arrested in Madrid, charged with irregu larities in their conduct of the affairs of the Bank. Three "million reals intended for the Carlists were seized in Santander. In a proclamation Concha declares bis conviction that peace will be restored in Cuba under the flag of Spain, and that the country mast wait for a more peaceful time to nettle the question of alavery. April 26. Castelar haa written ts letter in which he has declared in favor of a Federal Re public. Frederick A Dockery, formerly a mem ber of the United States Congress, haa been found guilty of «i—immjos.tss?iig frith the insurgents, and the Judge-Advocate demands that he should be sentenced to death. America. New Orleans, April 25. thousands of people have been driven from their houses by the inundation of the low lands of Louisiana, and are now in a starring condition. Ban Francisco, April 27. The loss of the steamship Tkcno, off Los Vilos, South America, is reported. Nineteen persons were drowned. The Federal Council of the Inter national Union have resolved to disband. The organization has been a complete failure in the States, and also in London. Accountants are appointed to investi gate the accounts of the Erie Railway Company. Cable communication is now open be tween the West Indies and the United States and Central America. Advices from Porte au Prince, Cuba, Btate that General Dominique ia expat-tod hourly with troops from tho south. Tfcou. ble is feared, and foreigners axe sending their valuables to different Consuls* resi dences for safety. Numbers of persons are leaving the ialand. The Brazilian Government hai par doned ihe Bishop of Pemambuco. • At St. John's, in Mew Brunswick, all the operatives in the city are on strike, and a force of police guards the mills. 