 Cable Messages iiraGiiiAtH^ Dtol }_BBUTEB18 SPBCIAJ. TKLEOEAHB.] LONDON; via Singapore, July 18,' 9.25 p.m. Becelred in Sydney, Jnly 20, 8.38 p.m. Dissensions have occurred in the' French Min istry relative to the general policy of the Govern* men t, and particularly respecting the prosecution of lit, Kouher. The Minister for the Interior, M, Pourton, has resigned. - The bill framed by the Committee of Thirty, and introduced into the As sembly, for maintaining the title of the President, establishing Ministerial responsibility, with two Chambers, abd declaring that President Mac* Mahon alone possessed the right to dissolve the Assembly, antl that there should be no modifica tion of the Constitution during the Septeanate, unless proposed by MacMahon himself, has dis satisfied everybody. ?'? LONDON, July 18. Received in Sydney, July 20/9.39 p.m. Money is in moderate demand, and the stock markets are recovering, The copper and tin markets are unaltered. In a debate in the House of Lords, on the subject of Fiji, Earl Belmore, the Duke of Manchester, and ford Kimberley approved of annexation, ?while Lord Canterbury protested against it. Earl Granville urged similar arguments to those used in a previous parliamentary discussion, contending that if the cession of Fiji is accepted it should be a Crown colony, and recommended that the; Government should be of a very stringent type. Governor Weld, of Western Australia, has been appointed Governor of Tasmania. Amongst the names in the obituary is that of Lady Gipps, widow of Sir George Gipps, formerly Governor of New South Wales. Arrivals.— Salisbury, Pleiades, Indus, Prince of Wales, Ocean Mail. LONDON, via. Singapore, July 20, 12.45 ft.m. 17AJM{it*l4 -« HiTdlnan Tnlar Oft 11 IK v- «? There is a Ministerial crisis at Versailles, and it is expected that a new Ministry will be formed. In Spain the Carlists have captured Cuenca, eighty-three miles from Madrid. The Government have called out 125,000 reserved troops, and issued a proclamation putting the whole of Spain under martial law, and confiscating the property of the Carlista. 