 TV' EiMiAMs THIS MAY GABLE MESSAGES. [Ukuxue's SrEciAi, Tj?iEGBAir.J LONDON, September 14. [ItecrivcJ. in KyJaey, September S3, SJ.J7 p.m.] Tlie l'orte lias refused to graut an armistice to th' insiu'Riinis ; but it i 3 notified that the Admi nistration will consider the proposals o£ per.ee emiiiiiuinj-' from tfie mediating Powers. Abdul Ufiroid.t'ue new Saltau, Ii:ss be;n invested with tho Sivord of Otliani. Th» Miu'fjuis of Ilartington, at the Master Cutler's Feast, advocated the convoking of the Imperial Parliament, to co'naider the future policy of England with respect to Turkey. At an indignation meeting, convened for the nuruose of orbwstine aeainet the Moslem atroci ties committed in Bulgaria, Mr. Gladstone said that ths satisfactory settlement «f the Eastern question -would have the lieartv c«-opsratioa of England and Russia. An address was voted to her Majesty the Queen, praying her Majesty, in con cert with the other Powers, to exclude the disturbed provinces fr«m Turkish rule. The attempt of the Tu-kisu forces to penetrfttt Montenegro have been frustrated with great los Tlie Karl of Derby ha* defended the G ?ycrnment from aspersions of supineness with regard to the Bulgarian atrocities and denied that the prtseace of the English fleet in BesikaB&y was dused by a desire of abetting thoKe ?vlls. The Doncaster Legerwaswoa by Potriarcl), Tom nay second, and Ceet-ar third. LOND -N, lulli September. (Tteoelved in Sydnev, September 26th, 12.20 am ) Themnils from Queensland, via Torres Straits, were delivered in London on the 9th instant. The Australian mails, via San Francisco, were de liverec on the 12th. It has been declared that (he degrees conferred by tne Senate of the university of New Zealand shall rank equal tr those granted by the Univer sities of the United Kingdom. The great International Rifle Match was shot at Creedmoor on tlie 13th and Htli September, 15 skots each, at SUO, 900, and 1000 yards range, each day.. The American team was victorious The following are the aggregate scores : — American team ? 312S Irish ? 3104 Australian ? 3062 Scotland ? »I61 Canada : ? : ? 292* The &cor«s of the Australians were as fol'nws: — Slade ? 398 , Lvnch ... 382 Gee ? 397 1 Smitk ... 376. King ? 39S I Wardill... 368 Sleep ? 384 | Draper... 361 Another match Will take place between the ' eame teams about the end of September, at Wash ington. The wbeat market is steady. Australian is worth 48s to 50s per quarter ; New Zealand, 46s to 49s per quarter. : Copperand tin are unchanged. Arrivals. Cynosure, Sidney; Boutenheck, Ade. laide; Loch Lomond, Melbourne; Thurso, Ade laide ; and Galbraith. 