 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAV. . News from Zsnzibar reports that Lieutenant Stain, Mr. U. M. Stanley's lientenant in his tonr through the Dart, .ContioonV died at Chinde on the Zambesi while* returning with the Katonga expedition. ' '' Mr, Blaine has resigned bis 'office as Secretary of State to the United 8t»tes Go vernment in order to stand for the Presidency* President Harrison hu accepted tbe resigna tion. a lernme .calsnnty has resulted trom tbe bursting of * cloud over Oil City and Titus ville, in Pennsylvania. The bursting of the cloud was followed by lightning, which fired the oil refineries. Oil City and Titasville were wreoked. The destruction of propsrey was enoroMns. On* hundred and' fifty person* were either drowDed or oremsted. The doroige to Titutyjlle and Oil City, Pennsy lvania, by tbe ooiiflagntion of oil refineries whioh were struck by lightning, is estimated at a million and a-half dollars exth. The adjsoetit country Buffered to the extent of a million dollsrs. Man}- persons are mining. A Dumber of people perished because of the buriiiug oil floatiug od the flood watets. The - districts of Emlentary, Cony, aiid MeadviUe suffered btdly. A fire broke out in the Berfcenbcrg fiivor mine at Prigoe, in *^ohemis, and 14 miners have been burnt to death, and 350 *» misting. A raeetiuR of the Emperor William ft of Germany aud the Cur Alexander III. of BuBiiaat 'Kiel, on the Baltic bis taken place and was marked .with great rietpoostretions. The Huasisii presB, alluding to - he uature of the meeting, declares* that it simply affirms the peacefs! aims of Bussia. Mr. Chamberlain warns the NoncotnTortnists that England would be fslse to her traditions if Bbe'were to allow Horns Sale in Ireland, which would place tbe lives, property, aud the religious liberty of their co-religionists under - nominee Irish hierarchy. Tbe JSoslish elefitiDn cainnAUn is now in full swiug. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, iii a ssneuine speech in Birminiihun, stilted thit Ulster III organising thq biugest oonv«ntio& ever MSD'in the United KiDRdom. ... . fn a letier written to the TVmw, Jlr.. Robert Lonis SleveUBOu, this nnvalist, makes sume severe comments Duos Mr. Cederurtntz, tha Chief Justice «t Simoi, and demindi that bo should be repUcerl by ? new Judge. He also criticises Baron von PiUach, President of the Conocil at Apia. The Berlin press hw ex pressed its iuifigoition at the charges .cd states it is an indirect attempt to destruy German iotlueticM io tjamos. ? ' ' M. Alexander Kibot, Minister of Foreign Affairs in the. French Government, claims the right to occupy Saint Paul acd Ametet-daui Isluds. .The islands are'in the Indian Oc»n. midway between the Cape of (tood Hope and the west cmsc of Ait-tralia. It i- reported that U.00O Jews have left Odessa for England, America, and Australia. This insurgent! in Tsumueia have gained another victory at Valenoit. ' Sixty people have perished in the burning of tbe ut. tuner Mirioiu on the Votchet Xirer, iu BuBsia. It is proposed to erect chilling-and fieeziog works tit Cocma. Some Bam]jleH of rice of sulouiiid- quality have been Krowa in the C.n'euoo Kiver district : The Bogan election has resulted'in tne re* (urn of Mr. A'tieckett. His it regarded as a great victory for Iho freetrade caudldste. It is estimated that the Clarance sugar crop this year will yield 9 tons per acre more than last year. Ou Wedce«day moroitg (Sthy tbe body nf a «roinan. namet) tnoisea Giuoe wjtn found w iJii* pond at Viotoris Park. At a meeting at CooostnMe last week Mr. W. Q. SpclHK, president of the Shurm' Union, stated that there was' out Jikely to be any difficulty In- connection witb;tht; shearing chiriseunra. ? . ? The Chicago Exhibition Comm-sinh met on the 3rd and tiauBhuted a quantity of loutine bosinesf. Dr.' Reotriek. tbr Executive Com missioner, letves tor Europe on 27th inst. On Moudsy, the 6th inst.. the Minister for Works aeocpted th., tender of Mr. 3. C. Wsine for the erection of i*val stores on Gbmcu Island, at a Doutract pri-e of £29,499. ? A man oimoil James Thompson, Mid to be , 86 yuan of age, aVtompfed to commit suicide at W«Bt Maitlsnd by explndi.g a tin of gun. powder on his brewc. He ww taken tu tbo hospital and is not expected to recover; On 8»turo»y afteruoon. 4th inst., fin extra ordioary ooecrreaca took.- place io ''?% train .- travelling from Sjduey and 5'igwahl Tho Bjuv. David Liserun 'wu ahot with a revolver by Mr. T.' Wtlker, M.L, A. Mr. Useroo waa miieu'to the Frioae Alfred Hoipiul, and it was thea. found that tlie bullet bod «nUreil tbe Mt Bhonlder japd jwneir»t-d deep into the muscles. He is ioriunitay .not in - vory; serious oohaitioD.: 'JViilker «m arresVud for . being druDk iu » r»il*«y earri»g« »od -jurl 10 . V aud iot, shooting »t ;Mr.:i»Fi!n-n he; was r«. MWV.G^yVii^ne Minisle^ for' Work«, ^ave.biiantnurity-loithe.oilliingfo. tenders Tor the opn«trbotii-u'^^k farther aect vn of the lJ«nore-Tw(»Sjril-vay»v Tata will-be known ,o» tie fourth legion WlM. lin«.jn,d it U -?- icmuect Brnniwick «ltVi' MorwUlumb.b, the BorthKamon )»w» 'W t«u-t colony. .. Th« Upgth of thr lection ii & nrtlM S ehuJu. 