 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. An alarming report appeared is tbe papora on Tneaday morning to the effect that the Emperor William of tierm-ny had threate'ied to pulrorii-e RnsBUi, to which tbo Cur Ut.l retorted that he would throv 500,000 men on the BoBBo-German frontier. The Paria Figaro states that tbe Emperor William of Germany has ordered the garrison at Gwltr to learn to ekato in view of the possibility of a Russian attack daring winter time. The Marquis of Aileiuuiy hw been declared a bankrupt. Tho liabilities are set doun at £360,000. Of this amount £250,000 is un secured. It is oxpeoted that the sale of the Savero&ke properly will provide sufGcivut funds to largely discharge the debts of the bftokropt. The House of Commons, oa the motinD of thn Eight Hon. A. i. Raltiiur, baa vjied £90,000 for the survey of a railway from Momb&aa to Lake Victoria Nyanza, iu East Africa. The Be'. C. J. FlomiDg Williams, of Stoke Newington, England, has, at the earnest r quest of bis flock, declined the call to tlie pastorate of tlie Wharf-street Congrcgitional Church in Brisbane. It has transpired that an abnritive attempt was made in Brussels recently to destroy ifco British Legation, which it appoars was mintnkeii for -lie Spaniith Legation. Au unsuccessful attempt waB made to throw a package supposed to cuutain explosives imo the carnage of tbo Czar and Czarina at St. Petersburg. Itisreuurtea iu London thai1 Queensland Treasury bills to the amount of £250.000 have been placed »t 98. Farther fighting has Ukeu place in -Uupcr Barman hettreeu the British troops and the KuchyoDB, Tbe distress in tho Madras 1'resideDoy owing to the failure of thu crops is iuurcuiug. Tbe Queen will lunvo Englnud forHyerin, in the soutli of Fraud), on tlio 17th instant. The Prince aud Priocess of Wales leave on - ' visit to Monte Carlo ou Thursday. The Opposition in the German . Befohstag advises the sale of tbe German East Af.isao co ojiea to Gnat Britain. la a fight between negroes and whites iu Kentucky three negroes were killed and font wounded, aud the wounded .were afterwards burnt to death. The Kbw York Press is furious at the attitude of Lord Saliubnry on tbe Bohriug Sea questioa, aud apparently as a sort of veiled threat the nanra of the United States ships, now ready for war are published. Groat irritation prevails at Warsaw, ia Poland, iu consequence of Tnaaian soldifin. being billeted od tic citizen'. Tho Spaniards are demanding commercial treaties with the other Powers in order to minimise the evil effects of the uew protective policy. The British import) for February sbow an increase of XI.66G.uOO, and the exports ?, decrease of £1,141,000. In the House of Commons nn Monday night Mr. Stanhope, Secretary for War, marie a very rcHSsariDg statement as to the preparations tur defence throughout the Empire. Baron Hindi hau donated 42500 for tbo relief of tbe starving population of Vienna. Mr. Stanhope, Secietary for Wai, nuted iu the Honte of Oommnus that ho regretted the locnl governments had Dot seen their way d. undorlake the nounssary defeiiot! works atKing George's Sound aud Thursday Island, the gans. for which'were now ready. Mr. Juitin M'Cartby hw isned « writ in. tbe French Courts demanniDR that thn Irish fands deposited in Paris hv Mr. Psrnpll shall be invested in thu names of Messrs. M ?Car thy, Sexton, and Dillon. The Bussian Government bars decided to permitithe export of muize. The Rev. Mr. Calvcrt, Fiji missionary, has died in EngUud. The United -States Government are rebuild ing tbe defences of New York, and $rebling the arauubeuta. ' ' Lord Enutsford hu introduced a bill making probates and letters of administration Krantcd in the colonies valid ia Great Britain. Mr. James Curley, an ex-M.LA., lisa been appointed general secretary of the Newcastle miners is ulaoe of Mr. Thomu Oix: who was dismissed owiux to the advice he volunteered during the lato threatened difficulty in the coal trade. Ernest Walter Bell, ?- clerk iu tbo employ of the British-Australian Land and Ilaukitig Company, whioh recently insponded payment, has been arrested ou a charge of mutilation of the books of the company with the purpose of biding his defalaatioue. ? . ' It is reported that Sir Matthew Davis,' ' Speaker of tho Legislative Aaeombly, intendB to retire from political life, and tbe general feeling amongst the. members o[ the Ceginla tive Assembly is that Mr. -)illieB should he elected Speaker., ?? ?, ? ;'':'.':';'?????. A deputation of the unemployed in Sydney attempted to interview the Premier on Thurs day, but m they were aiiDconmiianied by -any raemlnrofPnrJianieiitu.jiiUo.iuc6 them Mr. Uibbs declined to see (hem. Williun Biiutli, it sivub'p 'promoter was on Thurnn'ay minnc'eil tiu two cliarijco uid JJaed £20 in each «i _«. '' ? 