 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. The adjourned debate on the no-oonfide&oe motion by Mr. H. H. Asqnith, Q. C.f as mo amendment on the Address in Reply to the Queen's Speech, was resumed in the House of Commons ou Thursday Intense interest was manifested in the debate, and the attendanoe provided in the House wta altogether inade quate, and chairs had to be placed over the whole of the available space on tbe floor of the flonse in order to Aooommodete the members* The Peers' and Ambassadors' galleries being also crowded, Tbe debate was brought to a conclusion and a division taken shortly after midnight, when tbe no-confidenoe motion woe carried by 350 votes to 310, Mr. Gladstone thus having a majority of 40. This division was the largest that has ever been taken in the House or Commons, as ont of a total of 670 members 660 votes were re corded. There were ouly five members of tbe House absent when tbe division was taken, the the other five oompising the Speaker and the' two tellers on each side. The announcement of the result was received with enthusiastic cheering. The Irish members greeted tfae.diviaion with cries of 'Down with coercion' and 'D.iwn with Balfour,' and hissing and boo-hooiug, while the Union mem bers responded with equal enthusiasm, all ?te&dibg up and waving their hats and cheering Mr, Balfour. On the result of tbe division being declared Mr, Balfour at ot*ce moved the adjournment of the House until tbe J6tb instant, but he ' made no statement as to the intentions of tbe Government. The Court Circular iuoed states that her Majesty the Qneen has reoeived the resignation of Lord Salisbury with tunoh regret* The Tivitt declares that the keynote of tbe new Ministry will be unintelligent docility, and the various members ere really nothing store than cbief clerks to Mr. Gladstone. ? Sir George Dibbe, Premier of New South Wales, hod a violent quarrel with Colonel Campbell, the representative of the. World's Fair at Ohiaisp, who visited Australia lost year, on Tharsdry last. The quarrel occurred m the billiard-room in the Victoria Hotel, New York. Colonel Campbell, ou meeting Sir George Dibbe, bada him welcome and extended hie hand, wbioh Sir George refused to take, at tbe same time evolaiming that he did not care ? ? for the oontry, and, further, that be was very sorry that he had come. Colonel Campbell, in a friendly tone, then invited Sir George to visit Washington and Chicago, to' wbioh Sir George immediately rejoined, ' ? Chicago; die has caused New Soutb Wales ta squander £20,000, aud now failing to keep her promises regarding space.' Colonol Campbell replied, 44 This ia news to me, ' at the asm* time offering to eee the directors who whould prove that special measures were takaen to satisfy tbe demands foT spaoe made by New Sonth Wolea. Tbe frequent nse of expletives v_ u:_ n ? Tv.i.v.. ? ?„ ? ? ? *.j uf air utowc viuu# u auruogiy uummtuimi upon in the New York newspapers. Information has haeo received that the rebels in Morocco made ao attaok on the 8ultan'a forces, but were repolsed after fire hours' hard fighting. All thePittabuig iron mills, with the except ion of Messrs. Carnegie, Phipua, and Co. , have conceded the demands of the noions. The firms which have yielded employ between tbem 40,000 men. According to the latest advices in reference to the situation at tho Pamir Plateau, in Central Asia, a oollision has taken place be tween the Cbioese and the Afghaus. The Chinese Buffered defeat Following up this attaok, tbe KossianB entered the Chiuese territory. Tbe Government at Pekin has demanded from Russia an explanation of tbe incident, aod is prepariug to send an expedition to the Pamir. Chiapa, the capital of tbe State nf that name in Mexioo, has been destroyed by) an earth quake. A recent failure in the spinning trade has grfbily deprvhsed the Bradford market, and a general feeiiug of insecurity exists. The town uf Pzucze, ia Russia, has been wilfally set fire to end destroyed. Fourteen persons were burned to death and 2000 were rend, red homeless. Great damage has been done to tho vine yaros iu the Medoc district in France by hail storm*. The London Investors* Stvierr declares that if the late Victoriau loan had failed, the Government of that colony mant have de faulted before the end of the year* H.M.S. Champion has taken possession of the CorowaUis Islands in tbe North Pacific* on behalf of Great Britain. It is understood that ihe islands are acquired for cable purposes* The body of au uuunuwn womao has been found euol'ised in a paper parcel, lying ,iu » ditch by the roadside, at Althorp, near North ampton. The head and one arm were missing. In consequenoe of tbe outbreak of a revolt, martial law has been proclaimed in Bolivia, South America* Tbe Irish Parliaments jy party has passed a vote of thanks to the National Federation of Australasia for the ibsistanoe rendered during tbe general election* The House of Lords has affirmed the leave given to the Marquis of Ailesbory to sell the Savernake Estate. A portion of tbe harbour of Pago Pago in tbe oamoan group has beeo annexed for a ooafi»g station. The marriage of the Duke of Devonshire (formerly Marquis of Bartiogtou) with the Dowager Dnchessof Manchester was ce'ebrated on Monday. A vein of excellent salt has been discovered near the Lower Hawkesbury. 210ox. of gold was brought to Tenter6a1d from Dra k« obeifly from tbe Lady Jersey oiaim. L og Gully* ^ The Earl of Ranfarly, an Irfah notdeman, has taken to fruit-growing at the irrigation - colony of Mildura. A deputation interviewed the acting Colonial Seoretaiy (Mr Barton) on Friday morning lost, urging the introduction of a biu for taking a p ebisoite of the men and women of the colony solely 00 the question of the pro hibition of the eole of iiquora. Mr. Barton flaid personally he was opposed to a plebiscite for any purpose whatever, but he would sub mit tb« matter of his colleagues. Mr, J. B. Murray, banister, has been ap pointed Parliameutary drangotsuian. Id the Goulburn district tbe hare pest is assuming serious dimensions. The master of tfaeshipAbbieS. Hart, which has arrived at Newcastle from Bio de Jaorin^ reports that when the vessel left that port the death rate from yellow Lyer y a ' 60 per da; # Last Saturday morning a supplement to me OooernwsU GosetU was issued ooutaim&g the proclamation of the Act to Amend aud Ex- . tend the Law of Diyoroe, whioh waa passed last session and reserved for the Queen's assent* 