 -'May. Day. Celebrations Yesterday. Great Gathering in Hyde Park. . , Demonstration, in Sydney. London, May 1. The celebration of May Day in London took the form of a groat demonstration in Hyde Park. Tho wonderful concourse of persons was of a most orderly character. The trades societies assembled on the Thames Embankment, find the procession gathered strength on tho way to the park. The procession was en livened by the music of several bands. Arrangements had been inndo at tho park for dealing with an immense assemblage, and from 17 different platforms speeches were made in favour of the single resolu tion which it had been decided should be submitted to tho assembled multitude. This resolution claimed that tho eight hour movement should bu treated aa an internntional question, and that the trade societies .on tho continent should be asked to send delegates to a con ference on tho subject. It condemned the dynamite outrages which hail taken place on tho continent, and concluded by expressing distrust of both the Tory and Liberal parties, recommending the direct representation of labour in Parlia ment. Mr. John Burns, in speaking to the resolution, said that in the event of a general strike it might, bo utcossary to secure a livelihood to seiao tho means of production. Mr. Tom Mann, who also spoke, declared that triennial parliaments and payment, of members wero essential to securo legisla tive power to the great body of workers. A deputation will wait upon the Government to-morrow. London, May 2, 1 a.m. Tho May Day celebrations in Europe passed off quietly. Disguised agents of the poBco who had been placed on duty in Paris largely assisted in maintaining order. Sydney, May 2. May Day was celobruted in Sydney yesterday afternoon by a meeting hold in the Domain under the auspices of tho Australian Socialist League. The Trades and Labour Council, although invited to take part in tho proceedings, was not represented. During .the afternoon about 2,000 persons assembled. Several of tliu speeches -wero of a revolutionary character, and motions affirming that socialism is tho only system which will secure for tho worker tho full fruits of Ilia labour, wero carried, 