 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. Colonel Bbdds, commander of the French forces in Dahomey, is making preparations f»r tbe occupation of the whole of the country, it hu transpired that King Behan sin burned Abomey before ahandosmg it. Messrs. Nelson Brothers, Limited, Torner and Co., W. Wedall and Co., and others aaaert confidently that there is no immediate prospect of tbe demand for frozen meat being limited. They admit tljat the demand would always be targe if tne sntpments were equal ised as to qnantity, coarser grained meat predominating. The Hon J. J- C. Abbott, Premier of the Dominion of .Canada, hat resigned, and is goinc to Egypt, ou aocnunt of his health. Tbe Right Hqv. pr. - Sanmarec Smith, Bishop of Sydney aud Primate of Australia, declines to wolcome tbe Kilburn sisterhood to Sydney. Deputations from, the unemployed in Londoo have interviewed several oth*r of the .colonial Agents-General with tho object of ascertain* lag whether there are any openings in the colonies for the men. * Sir J. C. Bray stated that South Australia was in a flonriskintz con dition, and there were openings for miners, sgricultural labourers, and shovel and hammer men. Sir Edward Rraddnn deofareil that labourers were not wanted in Taarbania. Sir Andrew Clarke (Acting Agent- General for Victoria) denounced the exportation of tbe sweepings of Engliand to Australia, and asserted that Melbourne was at the present time glutted with waifs and strays frrfm the other colonies. The Governments of Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia, New Zealand, aud Taamauia, acting on a suggestion made by Geuerul Sir Andrew Clarke, acting Agent Gener&t for Victoria intend to request the Imperial Government to place the Agents General in closer touch with the Colonial De fence Committee. The French Prras declare that Count von Gflprivi's speneh ia introducing tbe uew Army Bill in the German Reichstag ia a striking tribute to the power of France, and the latter is able to regard the situation with scornful composare. ' A destructive fire b&s occurred in tho summer residence of Mt. W, K. Vaoderbilt, at Newport. 'The d&mago done is estimated at £60000. Tho M'Cartby partv, who form the hntk of the Irish Nationalists, are remonstrating with the Government fnr allowing continued evictions w Ireland, and sending priests to gaol, and also for not removing more of the nominees of the late Government who occupy rffioja! positions. The Government resent this action, and declare that they are doing their best for Ir«laud. A Royal Commission has been appointed to investigate tbo c&se of the Soottisb crofters. The war in Dahomey having been brought to an end by the complete subjection of King Behanzin, the French Government intend to place .the country under the control of native rulers, who will be subject to France, The death is annonnoed of Cardinal Lavigerie, Archbishop of Algiers, s&3 head of the Frenoh miBfions in Africa, and who has been prominent in his efforts towards -the suppression of the African slave trade. It ia expected that the British repre»ea* tatives at the Iuternationrl Monetary Con ference now Fitting at Brussels' will submit a plan for inctaasing the meuetary use of silver by international agreement after tbe proposals of the United States Government have. been preseuted to the conference. Mr. Turnbull, of South Australia, has made a eucgeation to the President of tbe Monetary Conference that thu copper coinage should be abolished and silver coins of 6maTl .value sub stituted. * The aunual meeting of the Imperial Insti tute was held r-n Saturday eveaiog. ' There was a largo attendance, and among those present were the Colonial Agents:Geserat.aad a number of noblemen. Tbe Prince of Wales presided, sod in his speech he said he did A't for a moment .doubt that tbe oolonists '/took the warmest iiiterest in the Institute, yet ho hoped that there, would, be a little inort- activity ou the nafi of oertain of the colonies than' had been displayed. heretofore,'3n' order'; .that every thioffmight'he ready foe the loncru opening of the Institute in May next. ''I The Overlaod Railway to Gibraltar haa now., been - opened, and. thu distance. ^from London, is covered in sixty hours, u. , m V The Cath'-lie members of the Centre party in the German Reichstag intend to introduce*; a bill to. remove ^the. existing disabilities on* Jesuits- jp Germany, and the aoceptaooe of: this:measureis to be the price of their support ?of the new Aimy Bill. . ' 'The Obiener in au article on the kanaka labour trade, atstes that tbe Rev. Dr. Paton', ?who baa brought auob.a strong -indictment against kanaka labour, will find it difficult to .rebut the evidence given ^by Bishop MoUt* £omery{ of Tasmania, who bas latfjy been visiting all /the stations in .the SputtTSean under the contrpl of the' Melaoesian Mission, and who states that he . bas seen more 'good than evil iu ? tljo lalvw trade as now oarried by Biitish lioeused vessels. The Australian cricketer?, who will visit JSogland next season, aie expected to pluy their Jim* tnatoJi at Field Park, and be the - chief attraction during Canterbury week. Truth states thst it is expected' that the marriage of Princess May (victoria Mary of Took, fiamDte of tbe Jate Duke of Clarence) and Prince George of Wales will take, place .in February next. Commenting ou the reoeut- report of the City of Melboarne :H*nk, -the Jktily jVeus ex* presses jthe opinion. that the great banks have benefited by the recent ^nancial crisis in the colonies.. . * . % Th^ Goveromeut have decided to aooept the offer made some time ago by Mr. Ate to establish -t his own cost a National Picture Gallery, ^providing a Suitable site was pro* vided. The site whioh the Government in tend to offer for tbe new gallery is that of the MiUbank Prison. Ncwb has been receirod that the sesport town of La Union, in the Fepnblio of Ban 8alvador, Central America, has been destroyed by an earthquake, aud a large Dumber of live* were lost. xuiormation nas been received from the Caroline Islands of a oonfliot between the Spanish Governor and the religious orders there, and the latter threatened to leave the islands unless the Governor is reoalled. A serious disturbance has taken place at Limerick, in Ireland, the offenders being fifty men belonging to the Koyal Artillery stationed there. The soldiers behaved in a most riotous tnau&er, smashing the windows of tbe houses and Hoiog other damage, and the police were quite powerless to suppress tbe disorder. Considerable Irritation has been manifested by the Frenoh at tbe erection of a British Custom-house on the Ajarra Hiver, in the colony of Lagos, ftfctero Africa, adjoining the Frenoh settlements in Dshomcy, and U is alleged that this is a violation of tbe con* vention of 1889. Count vou Caprivi intends to introduce a bill iu the. Imperial Diet for tbe purpose of compelling German emigrants to obtain-a per mit from the polioe prior to leaving the country. The chairman of the committee appointed by the Suited titates Senate to inquire into the immigration question, is urging, the Gov ernment to suspend immigration altogether for five years, parmitfing only persons joining their relatives aud issuing passports to visitors. One of the companies forming tbe garrison at St. Petersburg, after rebelling against tbe officers, left the fort and set out on a inarch to their homes. A military detachment was sent after theruj and the tugitjve. company was overtaken, conducted back to the garrison, and imprisoned. The men declared that they would welcome death instead of service in the Russian army. Five of the persons wfto were obarged with rioting during tbe cholera scare at Yaroc, Russia, have been found guilty on their trial. The court sentenced them to penal servitude for life in Siberia. Lord Stanley of Preston, tbe Governor Genera! of the Dominion of Canada, is desir ous of resigning his position. It is thought that Lord Abordoeo will probably succeed bim. Information has been reoeived that the towa of Launish (7), ia ; Honduras, has been de stroyed by an earthquake. Half of the terri fied inhabitants have fled into the country, and the remainder are living iu touts in the ruined town. Many persons were' killed in the fall ing houses. . In the first issue of the -Australian Christ* mas Annual, 'The Antipodean,' of Which Messrs. George Essex Evanc and John T. Ryan, are the^ editors, there ere -contributions from Sir Ssmuol Griffith aud 8ir Henry Parkes. Sir Samuel Griffith in his artiole, on ' Colour' ,ed Labour iu Australia,' prediote that small farms'worked by Europeans in Queensland will largely sapersede the large estates now worked by kanaka labour. Sir Samuel says the temporary employment of kanaka labour cannot be avoided ; but a permanent employ ment of kanakas would, be thinks, interfere with the auiformityof Australian Government. It is ancouoced that tbe Princess Marie (daughter of the Duke and Duchcss of Ediu bnrebh who is shortly to he married to Pvince Ferdinand, of Routpaiua, has, in oonaequenoe cf the disputes whioh havp* occurred ju the collection of the money, declined to accept a diadem of the value of £'14,000 which tho ladies of Eouinau)a proposed to present to her. Princess Marie sngge&ts that the contributions ehould be devoted to ohantablo purposes. At the. opening of the Bocmaniau' Parlia ment on Saturday, King Charles, in-his speech, describsd tbe marriage of- Princess Marie (daughter ofthe Dake aod?Duclues of Edin burgh) to. the Priooe Ferdinand (the Crown Prince of ^oumania). as a link binding Great Britain to Koumania, whioh afforded a guarantee for the future o! tbe *lasttiamed country. The statement made by Mr. Finch Hattoo, tbe chairman of the London branoh of the North Queensland Separation League, is his letter. to the Tim e*. in reference to the attv tuda of Sir James .Garrick (th* Queensland Agent-General) ou-~the separation question, bos called for a reply. Sir James Garriok deuiea .that he has any desire to prejudice the Marquis of Hipoo, hot still oonsidern that it would be prematura to oontult the Secretary of State for the Colonies on tbe separation question. The Gear has forbidden tbe morganatic marriage of the Grand Bake Nicholas. Lord Jprssy inteuds sending a sample of Australian tinned butter to India as au ex periment. . 0 itsat Britain and her Colonies will oocupy 460,000 equartf, fast tof -sptoe fct tbe Chicago Exhibition. : Tbe mossageries Maritime®' new steamer Villa de la Cio^t ou her trial trip attained a epeed of 18 knots.- ? ' Mr. O'Sullivan has obtained leave to bring iu a bill to abolish imprisonment for debt and costs iti civil aotiona. At tbe monthly meeting of the City Council Alderman M Chapman movod, — ' That £1,400 be voted as .the mayoral allowance for 1693.' Alderman Butdckiu tunVad as an amendment,— ' That tho sum be £2,0 00, as at preeetit pai*5.' lie said tbe expeDSea of the office were so great tbetonly wealthy ineicibors of council could acoept-it. Alderman Bardie moved,— 'That' tbe sum bo -£1,500.' , On going to a division 10 voted for the original motion and 10 against it. The Mayor gave his casting vote in'favottr of the motion, , and the amendments were lost, ?? Alfred M'Dttfiald, -William Geary, jind Greta Hamilton havel-eeu.cuntmitteed for trial on a charge of hefyag concerneil in forgingi-and uttering a bank note 'jnf the Commercial ?Banking Oompauy of Ryupey. . ' Mn. -*Anuic ' Besattt^ hj(S organised a theoaopby propaganda, and : proceeds on a lecturing' toor in America. Other lecturers ; .pfooeed to.India and Australia. ?' . A bill-aboBt to be intiodnoed ia tho Legis lative .Assembly of Nfew South Wales by Mr.: - Dangar proposes to so.ammend thh la w.&rega- ^;' lating the.bqnor traffic as to ensqt'.that not ' more thab'4)ue bar shall .be' allowed in each hotel, and to provide for ihe abolitiou of'.'' female Jabonr thereia.-aud for other.porpoaea ' collected therewith. - - . v -V' : ,f ; ' The firot hatch of exhibits for .the 'Chicago _ Exhibition was'des patched on Motiday by -tbe AUmuda. : It xorapriaed 999 packages, Vneaanr- ' . iog abent 200 tons, and was vaiued st £^^0L 'r,;' - An appeal in . the Full' Court , against ^the conviction of Francis Abigail.-fras* b^D'n^on Friday a-ud'adjontned tiU .next term.^bwiog to O a .disagrehment^as to.the poluta. taken. at $be trial. .1 y ' At Tarmut .on Thursday night a meteona ab'Wet W» served, 'i be showers we e ub- ^ aurved from 8 o'olodk till ten.'' Borne left a ' ' ' beautiful trial of light 1 Nearly all passed from »»ith to west. Fifteen weie 0 anted in ' 20 mint- fee . 