 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. * ? The Times in commenting upon the result of tbe DO-codfideuco debate in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales says that Mr. G. H. Eeid has better teuoa to be pleated with his moral victory, since an actual one would have proved embarrassing. If Sir George Dibbs, the Times adds, succeeds in conducting the affaire of tho colony with his not very trustworthy majority, he will prove himself to be a tactician of no ordinary stamp. The balance of £300,000 worth of Queens. land Treasury bills has been taken np private ly at db. The opinion oi financiers in tbe city is that QueeDsUvad has damaged her crdit by not issuing through the regular ohannel tbe Treasury bills just placed. Speaking at Swansea, Mr. H. 11. Stanley warned England that if France occupied Uganda, the occapatioo o! -Khartoum by that Power would s -on follow. Tbe Imperial British East Africa Company has aocepted the offer of a grant from tbe Government, and will delay too evacuation of UgaDda until March next. Captain LugArd, leader of the .Imperial British EastAirioa Conipuny's expedition in Ugauda, his arrived in IJooduD, He belleveB it possible to hold Uganda at small coat. At the meeting of the London Corporation on the 29th, /being Michaelmas, Alderman Stnart Knill, representative of Bridge Within Ward, who was eleoted alderman in 1885, and served the Shrievalty in 1889, was chosen txird Mayor of London, Mr. Rnill, being a Roman Catholic, said that be wonld refuse to attend the Prot&Etant churches* on occasions of ceremony, but he uxpre&scd his willingness to appoint a substitute. This announcement was received with great hooting nnd uproar and there w&s much heckling. Various speakers predicted a return to Popery. The Pall ifnij bazelU publishes tho details of tho recent strike of cotton-spinners and weavers ot Lonz, in Poland, according to whicb appears that the authorities dealt with the strikers in a very summary mtuiner. xvto j hundred of the strikeis who were concerned I in tho diturbftnes were arrested ond shot The orders of General Gourko. the Kuesian Governor in Foland, wero to the effect that the soldiers wore to kill without mercy, and they were not to spare powder in carrying out the orders issued to them. The congress of railway workman have de feted by 42 to 15 votes a motion proposed in favour of eight hours being a legal day s work, and adopted 10 honrs as toe standard. The personalty of tho Into Lord Sherbrooke (Robert Lowe) h-» been sworn at under £15, 000. His widow receives tho income of his real estate as well us the ncrson&lty, besides a jointure of £10.000 and after her death tho estate will revert to the fiev. Neville Shor. brooko. To Miss Mary Sherbrooko a com of £10,000 is bequeotfced, and u sum of £5,000 to her mother. I'0 various other legatees £13 000 is left. There is no reference in tho will to tho late lord's Australian property, and do legacies are left to persons in Australia. Lnrd Sherbrooke left his portrait to the Lmaon University, but a legacy of £1000 be revoked by coilical last year. M. Joseph Ernest lieuan, the ' emineot French writer and thinker, in rlnad. The cereal crous in Spain show a deficiency, and it will be necessary'to import £4,000,000 worth of grain. It i- itated that the London County Council has decider] to make tbe experiment of dispens ing with contractors for work enecnted by the oosncil, and that it intends to organise s direct municipal staff of workers under trades nnion conoitiouB. An article hy the Conntoaa of Jersey, Now South Wides describing her visit to Now Caledonia, appears in the Ninetauith Century. Tn an artiols published in JBlaoltwood's Magazine Sir Edwatd Braddon. Agent-General for Tasmania, states that tho TssmaoUn silverficldti are more phenomenal in wealth than tbe Broken Hill Jorlo The introduction of free education in oon nection with the board sohools of London bat resulted in only * fractional increase .in the attendance. ? The poke authorities in Vienna have arrested * man who they have reason to believe uineutioal with Jack tbe Bippn, «m perpertrntor of the Whitoohapel mordent. He is an AnatrUn named Aloia Siemerdrin. - ..-«, Sir Grah.in Berry's dividend ta* in ?Victoria is made to.appl; to the 'public debt at the colour it is the opinion in London tout tbe British market will be virtually olosed to coloniJ - loans. .' Any Jtitiimi-Uf v31.be strongly reBentsa. -V ??*?-' !':''« ??- - ?'.;'; The sdvinojy iwnniitteo .of the InaV Daiionallst party in the House of flomroons, headed by Mr, JnitinM^artby, intends to »ppoal Vo AoKtr.lia''for^rana« j?WewitB to' suttsin ,th« FAilUm.toTiiry 'inoyemeuV .. *Tpe ' tfo~ugp0w,'a9WgDMMjrs *w indignant at tbe MpuVon 'of iUpintJse .labouroj?: Irom AmeriM,' Vud. Brge ta»trepraal« ehouid' i» instituted by iheJSm^taent-:«fJJ»pW^ith regard'tft AmeHoab^liflents, '*™' ? Ixird PorHriEtoii;' '£ flntish neer, has been admitted into the Itoiuou Catholic Chmcb. - It ia said that Mr. John Morley, Chief Secretary for Ireland, intends to purge Dnblin Castle of all the permanent officislo. Mi. O. B. i. Cooper the son oi a leading merchant of Manchester, has co&fe&sed that in a fit of passion be killed his wife at a place in tho Isle of Man. In their receut battle against tbe French, at Dogba, the Dahomeyans, after losing several hnsdrerl men, kept the field in order to collect their dead. Thus they lost 1300 men. It ib expeoted that at a meeting of tbe sra-choldcn and depositors in the Mercantile Bask, to be held in London on the 19th instant, a resolution will be proposed recom mending tbe prosecution of some of the Melbourne directors. Pope Leo XIII., to mark the occasion of his jubilee, has sent invitations to the leaders ot the 'eastern sohisms ' to rejoin the Roman Church. ? Tbe remains of three bodies have been dis covered in a cesspool at Whiteobapel- It is believed tho bodies are those of persons who were murdered 20 years ago. It is reported from America that an Anti convict Society lias been formed at Knoxviifo, Tennessee, U.S., for the purpose of pre. serving all who took part in the lynching episode early in September, when s mother and her son and daughter were flogged for alleged immorality. The members nave it is saidi sworn that they will kill any person who reveals to tbe authorities the indentity of any of tbe ' white caps ' who took put in tbe oatrage. There was a monster procession to Glas aevin Cemetery, Doolin, on Sunday to com. tnemor&te the anniversary of tbe death oi Mr. C. S. PwueU. Cholera ib now reported - to be qnite extinct at Havre, tho well-known French sea-port, where the cpidemio has Lttely been vory prevalent. Sir Gcrala Portal, British Comnl-Genrral for Zanzibar and East Africa, declares that the evacuation of Uganda, as now proposed, will be the certain signal for a general war in that country, ami will inevitably result in a mossaore of Christians such as has not been ' seen for centuries post. Commenting on the position of affairs in connection with tbe strike ot Broken Hill, tbe Times says that it is not surprising that the Broken Hill Proprietary Company has taken etepB to emancipate itself from the tyranny of the labour unions. Tbe Agents-General suggest that the Australian Governments should issue medals at tbe end of 10 years' service in the military ' and naval forces instead of IS years as previously suggested, and they further ask that the rules regarding the medals ehouid apply to all ranks. A telegram from Toronto states that Charles Leaky, a yonng man, murdered his father, mother, aud sister, and then Bet fire to the house. Ho got sway, but has since been arrested. The Chin tribes in Burmah, who were in aa ? almost constant state of rebellion during the whole oE last year and who only submitted to the authorities in Bannsh in March last, are again in revolt. They have killed « .portion of the British nnd Sepoy escort at Fort White, and it is thought the Britieh'etation at Uimlo ia ia danger if reinforcemente do not soon arrive. General Crespo, tbe lealsr of the Legalists, as tbe revolutionists in Venezuela ara termed, bos been proclaimed President of the Republic. The St. Petersburg Press imply that Colonel Yanoff, the leader of the Bussian expedition in tbe Pamirs, will maintain small garrisons along the new frontier established by Kuoaia in that region, and commanding one of threa possible routes into India. Another dynamite outrage has been com mitted at Homestead, and two free workmen employed at Carnegie and Co'b works were injured, Mr. Perceval, Agent-General for Sew Zealand, will interview the Colonial Office authorities with the object of urging the enforcement of - the provisions of Margarine Act, which has been allowed to become practically a dead letter, to the detriment of the colonial bntter trade. Cholera is reported to have broken nut at Szegodin, in Hungary, and also in Yemen (Arabia). Kews has jnst been received of an unsuc cessful attempt having been oi*do at Skiernevioe, in Poland, to assassinate tho Czar by bluwing up with dynamite the train on -which hia Majesty wan supposed to be travelling. Mr. lifer Hardie, M.P. (Labour member for West Ham), in an ndrlnKi delivered ntrthe meeting of tho Congregational Union 'at Bradford on Tuesday, created o most painful scene by dcclsring that the Churches preached only to tbe ' respectable ' classes, while writhing and suffering humanity was qoito forgotten, and men and woman were Veing driven to boll without a helping hand being bold ont to them, Tbe MiniBtcra present replied in iodicMlit terms to Mr. Bardie's strictures, and declared that they wore false. Lost week the steamers Bhnndara and Bnlimba left Melbourne with lull cargoes of horses for Calcutta. Mr. Shiela advocates increasing the number of representatives on the Federal Council and presses for the use of that body for practical legislation. At tbe Central Police Court oa Tuesday, Robert Armstrong was fined 110, or in de fault four months' impriBonmBnt, for having brutally assaulted Iiisi wife. Sir Henry Parkes has received a letter from ?Lord Tennyson, in which the poet states that he has totally lost the eight of his right eye, and fears that he will lose the other. The uumher of visitors at the National Art Gallury daring September was as follows :— On 26 wock days, 9725, average 374 ; on 4 Sundays, S049, average 2018 : total, 17,774. From tbe date of the opening of the Sydney mint till the end of 1891 the revenue received therefrom we 3 £547,311 while the total ex penditure, including pcelinunfiry expenses, 4o., was £546,901. The death it, amMronotd o! Captain E. F. Pockley, who has been connected with the shipping trade of the colony since 1841^ Th« deceased gentleman represented Lloyd's for tho last 21 years. Mr. Kobort Hudson, who bos. sooepted nnder Dr. Rxnwicfc the position of general superintondont of tbe Nsw Sentb W*lea Court at tbe Chicago Exhibition, leftTby the Mariposa for San Fmncisoo on Tuesday, 