 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAT BY DAT. The death is announced of Cardinal SimeooL Prefect of the Propaganda at Rome. He died from influei sa. During the sitting of the French Chamber of Deputies, Deputy Lsar made certain dis graceful charge* against M. Coulters, Minister of the Interior, who, amid franco applause* seised M. L&or by the throat when tbe latter was leaving the Tribaat , and struck him in the face twice. It is believed that a duel is oertain to follow. Other depoties also came to blows. M, Conetans subsequently apologised - to M, Flbquet, President of the Chamber, for his action. It is reported that a plot has been dis- covered at Starr Hon) Agsjnrt the Sclfcao of Turkey. Three hundred arrests have been made. The African Lakes Company's steamer Domira cwp;ored and Iiuijh two slave dbi-ws ? n l-ake Nyassa, in Africa. A ntnrm swpnr'M the bout* while return. ng to ihr vi**. , Captain Maguire ard »n Indian officer a d three Sikbs were drowned. The Dornira wn* driven ashore and was a'tunkcd by Aroh sUvers. Under offer* of penou, the ohiel engineer, the doctor, and ni e sikhs and Swahilis, Lnded and wro bhot Two othnr Europeans «e'* severely, wounded. Tb® Deraira was subsequently ie floated, iuid re turned ao Fort Johnston. It is stated that a Biiti«h earner landed 10 Chinese at Pvrt Towusei.d, in the State of Washington (U. S. A.h fiom Victnrin, the capita) of the British cnh»- y t-f Vnner.uver Island, in contraveonon ef tue Alien*' Act of Use United Stale*. Tbe Wi'iah is br ing pursued by an Am-rinan ship. Eigh'y persons, alleyed to be annrrhiRts sod implicated in the illegal uumnfucture *?{ arms Ht Walsall, libve been arreted at Soho, Tjoodnn. The lessee and an actres* at the Theatre KtJistie. iu Paris, hare beeu aen'tfnced to 15 months imprisonment each for outraging the public morals. Two other actresses received, shorter sentences. ConutLeo lobt'i. the Hn*sian novelist, has undertaken to distnbu'e Hiitish a^iatttaeo for , tbe sufferers by tbe famine ju Russia. The demonstration of tbe British army r-f occupation in Epypt upon the aeception of tbe new Khedive, Abbas Bey, is regaided in Europe as giving an impression uf B'iiieh supremacy, M. gtambonlnff, tbe Premier of Ru'gnria, , haa discovered a fresh plot for tbe ovuiitiYcw : of the Government. j The Chairman of the New Zealand and River Plate Company, stated that capital | would certainly bo withdrawn from New Zea* I land if the recent taxation legisVinn in that I colony was put into operation. | It is announced thattbe Bri'ish Government intended to introduce a measuie of iie-- euuca* , tion for Ireland, Senhor Ferriera has formed a new Ministry j in Portugal. The Londod Standard states -hat the high | wages paid to miners iu Australia will preveut I New South Wales becomnk X-BU,*0L8 com 1 pstitor iu tbe coal trade. jC ?{ | A mao named D «r l h.is » ^iVarested in I New York in the act of outting Je throit ola I drunken man. ' I The whole of the Ne* South Waits Treasury I Bids fur £1.250,000 ha\e been acid.. Blotters ! hold the bulk, and the itisuianne coinpanio* | are offering the balance at par. An extensive sale of Crown land* in Queens I land is advertised in English papers at so up* | set price of 10d. per sere. The United S ates Government, fearing I that Canada is boi'dim; Wtoship* on Lsl-e | Ontario, iu v olation of the iieaty, thieateus I to build dockyards ou the United ^tatee shore 1 of tbe Lske. I Mr. Sndyard Kipluig has bedu man ted to Miss Caroline Balestier. Cuuot Von Caprivi will introduce into tbe ' German Keichslag -a bill desi^ueri to rest'ict the number of Germans who emigrate One result of the Broken Hill water famine is uti outbreak of typhmd. Mr. Maud, chief olerk of courts at Geelong, bas been reduced £25 per annum and trans ferred, ou a charge uf mtoyicntion. Charles Davi*, a Noi-th Melbourif bry, climbed a poplar to catih an osoa|-ed psrioc The hrauch broke aud his skull was fatally fractured Mr. Shiels is rot to be 'drawu' as to his Pieuiiural ruteutions. Quirr rij-t ; i' w« I botimc enough tu lioim tbe fl.-j wbe M-. Munro has hauled bis ''owl ami put up tbe Ageut-Gener&U buotiu^. Now-a«days We are eipuBcti u- iluugeie that our fathers uever ev^erionced. Our *Ttuesi.ors never lost their lives by contacts uith e'ectrio cables, boiler or gas explosioj.e, or tram srei* dents; these perils Mere utikunwu iu their d»ys, Modern eivilihntinn 1i»k n;nch to do with th« preacut high rate of mnriilicy. The straggle for ciietcLce &ad rnce for weabh enervares the l»ody, wea-« 'he people nut, and hurriea them u-t-- tbe grave at a pace onknewu in earlier epochs. The continual plivsic.d and nervous strain impiiirs the viupiy of tv«n the most robust QouBiituti--u, and ibt- r--*ult is that liver eonip'sints and i.ervmt* Hiat':»eti ato universally prevalent and energetic treatment is uececsary, orchr--niu dtsuaau will inevitably set in. ' A stitch in time *»ve* nine,' and a course of Olemem'ts Tonic labeii at I he- .p proaoh of disease will save many a valuable life. M-*. Prejitt, ladies' . nnrat- nod sccou- ? cbeuae. 4 Kowntroe-street (corner of Hpring street), Bslmaiu. W., haa hecu a ledideu: of the district for many yearn, praatifling her profession as a midwife. Sbn suffered severely from iiver and. kidney, trochlea for yean ; snd give* tlie following' account of ber case:— Dear Sir, — Having been a victim to advaucid iiver isestte for yeais, aud tried all the medical treatment the neighbourhood affords, 1 am wily tn-fia]i;iy to f-e v wi-h*»h -.o the woude'fuf resuits obtained by the use of Clements Tonic, i have beeu an iumat«- --f Balmain Cottage HoBpiral, and h-vehad the experience aud atituiuou oi evtry doctor in Balmain, btdng nnder their treatment fr.r months, all without tbe slightest- benefit, I suffered with chrome constipation complicated with an anrl fistuia, wh-eh rendeied tbe action of the bowels impossible without the use of instruments, and the torturing pain was on, bearable. I waa a martyr to h*sdaobe% always Jangoi.d, tired, txeebeivuiy weak no inclination or ability to move abi'Ut, aud totally nnable to do my b»i*ewark for-dthe last two yesrs loommenoed tbe nseof Clemem's Tonic, 'snd before f Was tliroiiuh th second bottle'. the effect «a« really maivellons. 1 could eat, work and sle^p. my pains and solios ceased— 1 felt a different woman entirely. My bowels, acted f«eely and withont any of the intense pain I need to s'-ftW Ibuvenottba slightest hesitation instating that Clements Tooicisa most Wonderfully eff'Otive /'eraedy ; it has cured me and made uiu smwg -main, wheu doctors and hospitj^a hatre faiicd. l 1 ouly too pies aed to jrive -my lestimnny in . ; favour of Oiement« Tunic,- mh iaay ibe the - means of-ssviog other poor sufftirerii 'from tho misery and torture IJiave euoui d. i'r/uuib raeud Clements Tonio to tny friBuds, and Hn ? . every esse where jt hssibi eji nsed it haWbeen equ»lly effectfve. -I shall Onlv;be t«!o .ba|-'j;y,. to give nntferert.pr«Ki- «nf it* ^virtue* if n -*&«-? ' *a»y. Yi-uns vmy g^Uitqlly. 'Mrs. ^. Pren't ' 'Tbis c.iae' b-s b«wn under nnr otituiv»ii.-n fur bume timu, atd can ivsuty luut kb» jUac is a i.ue acoouut of antic. Patterson aud Co, cbemistfc, ba.jn&Ju.*' '1 aleu e »» - hnuT wi-nes* to th.; ttu'h ».f Mrs. Preutv's testimony. Juo. G. D Rant. AM'.S-, 140 Sbortatieet, lialmain, N tS.W,' 