 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. It is reported tint Mr. James Rtyce, Chancellor of thu Duchy of L&nca^tor, u urg* iug the C&biuet lo convene & coufcrouoe of representatives of the various colonies, to be held next year, to discuBS the question of Imperial Federation. Mr. Bryott's colleagues ia the Cabinet are stated to be in favour of the conference being held after & comtnuiBioa o[ inquiry nas reponou upon tlie soncme lately drawn up by the council of the Imperial Federation League. The committee appointed by the French Chamber of Deputies to investigate the charges of corruption made by M. Delshaye AgaiUBt members of tho Chamber and SoDBte in connection with tbe affairs of the Paa&ms Canal Company has taken further evidence of of an important charactor. A Deputy who was a member of the committee of the Chamber on the Panama, Canal Lottery Loan Bill deposed that an emissary from M. Charles de LesBcps offered him 100,000 fraura to voto for the bill, bnt hercfueo I to scoept the bribe, and the emiajsry said he would give 600. 000 fiascs. A banker, in his evidence before the committee stated that M. Barbey, late Min ister for Agriculture, reccivod a sum of SOO.000 francs for promoting the Lottery irfiao Bill. The value of the Panama Canal stocks was kept up by Barou Ueioach. The police have discovered and delivered to the committee twrnly-sjx cheques drawn by Barou Rciuach for amounts aggregating 3,250.000 francs (£130 000). There is no member of the Chamber uf Deputies amongst toe pereung iu wuoue lavour me cueques were drawn, but a brother of U. GrBvy, the lato President, and M. Leon Renault both of whom were members, of thu Senate, each received 20.000 Irancs, and M. Cornelius Hertz rcoeived 2,000,000. They all allege, however, that theBe sums -wore in payment of debts due to them. Mr. Jny Gtiuld, the American millionaire, died oa Friday from putmoDary consumption after ou illness of only cine days. Hi* fortune w DMicu lu uu uetwevu AdU,UUU,UUU two £40,000,000. It iB nxpeoted that a Hum of from $3,000,000 to $5,000,000 will be found to have been bequeathed to various charities. Mr. George Oouid will inherit 40 per cent of of the coloiaal fortune left by hut father. Wells, the man who some time ago woo a rery large sum of money at the gambling tables at Monte Carlo, has been arrested at Bavre on » charge of committing frauds in London to the amount of £50,000. Tho Luhrig Company will ship a plant for the treatment of ores by their patent process to the Western Mining Company of Tasmania, in January next. Mr. Herbert Gardner, President cl the Board of Agriculture, replying to a depata tiou representing the dairying interest which waited upon him. promised that the Margar ine Act of 1887, which ccntaius stringent pro visions for preventing the sale of any imitation of butter except u ' mugarine,' Bball be strictly enforced, Mr. Albert Leahy, C.E., «y«. that four of the leading British irou manufacturers, who had beco trilling to Eupplv the capital for establishing iron and steel 'works at Wallera waug, New South Walxs, withdrew from the offer, winK to the strike at Broken Hill. Tbey are now only willing to supply tUB pl&ot for two furnaces with a capacity uf 800 tons of pigiron weekly, upon modified conditions which Mr. Leahy is considering. The M'Carthyitws arc remonstrating with the Government for permitting evictions in Irelaud to be continued, for seudiug priests to prison, and for not removing more police magistrates. The Government recent the ectiou of tbe M'Carthyitex, and declare they arc doing their bent fur Ireland. The British Government considers that the auuexn ion by France of the islands of St. Paul and Mew Amsterdam, in the Indian Ocean, is miMnpartafit, iuftsmuck as these islands possess no harbours. It has transpired that the lato M eh tar of Chitral, a native ludiau State bordering on ine nimir 1'latuau, nodcr imiiBU protection, was luuideKii \iy bis uncle, who b.uzhI the throne. TIih late M,ehtitr's yonugur brother was also murdered by his uncle. A luiyal Commission has been appointed to report upna the bust, means of ameliorating the condition of the Scorch croftera. Tho Czar of Russia has forbidden a raorgin itic marriage between the Groud Duke Nicholas and a tradesman's daughter. It ib reported that vrhen tbe new year houonru are distributed Baron Carrington, Lorn Charoberhiu, aud Baros Ho&gbton, Viceroy of Ireland, will be raised to the dignity of Earls. Osmou Digui, the M&hdist leader, hu made a raid on Tokar, six miles to tho south of Suatim. Many of the native garrisau were killed, but on tho approach of the troops from Suskim the marauders fled. Over 100 of Osmau's followela were killed. that the earth has beeu iu oolluiou with the comet io tbo Andromeda group, shattering it, Mauy meteors were Been at Illinois. In tho report of the committee of the Imperial Institute it iB stated that the Queen will formally open the institute iu May next. Victoria aud Tasmania have their sectiouB arranged, but us yet Queensland, New Zea land and Kew South Wales hare only taken partial action. Through fear of the Eussiaot the Kirghiz are deserting the Pamirs, and are fleeing into Chinese territory. The Imperial Parliament will meet on the 3Ut January. Next year President flarilson intends to make a tour of Europe lor tbe purpose of studying Ihe labour question. Mr. Cecil Rhodea, Premier of Cape Co on;, bos offered the British (iavenjoient to build an overland telegraph line from Zatnbesia to Uganda, and aflerwarda to Kgypt. Messrs. Guinness and Mahou, of Dnbliu, BOlicitore, deny that they are prepared to guarantee the costs of a prosecution of tbe Melbourne direotors and effioials of the Mercantile Bank of Australia. This, tbey say. iB the duty of the Government of Victoria. The Canadian Government is willing to subsidise to tbe intent of about £160,000 a a five and a half days' mail service across the Atlantic between Ualifai, Nova Scotia, and Sontbampton, England, . Parleyings are proceeding between ' Great Britain and Italy cr.noorning the roductiuu uf tho traimt rate for moils. ? Tho infant daughter of the Emperor of Germany was baptised with water brought et; preeily from tbe Jordan. il r. Gladstone consulted on oculist at Chaster, who assured the Premier that scarcely any traoe of the recent injury to the eye remained, and that there was every probability of his retaining ccood n«efa! iught for soine years to come, ' ' . Mr. Justice Denman is about to retire from tbe Beucb, on which ha hu sat for 20 years. Ad Indian Prince has tikei hia medical .degree ia Edinburgh, ' ' - ? ? - It is anuonaoed that Sir George 8. White. K O.B., V C., Wlii succeed Lorcl Roberts of Oandnhsr ju the oomuiaud of the British forces in India. ? ? ? ' . . ? The PctU Journal of Paris ptWitbra what pnrportB to be the ? text of. an Agreement between' tbe powers forming the Triple A)!i ttico, in the' event of '» Banian war, against either Germany or Austria. /If the latter, AnBtria, would combine with Italy find go in for a fresh frontier. ' Toe statement ii, however, nofbeliovod. .'-..'.. . _? News revived from New York tUtes that the miners who were* (tuga.ued in the great strike ut Mcesrs.'Carnegie, i'hipps, and Co.'s iiwueatad Iron tVuiJu, it Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, are suffering terrible privations, being without food and almost without cloth ing. So far only about 35 per oent of the Btrtkers have been able to obtain employment. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the London Daily TeUgnpK says that there to going on a continual movement of Hussian troops toward the German frontier. The New York Times pnblubel what it alleges to be Mr. Gladstone's scheme of autonomy for Ireland, undtr which it is pro posed to make Ireland a dominion of the four provinces, Ulster, Loingter, Munstor, and Con naught, eaob provinoe to have a House of JfapreBentativttB, and to bo empowered to send life senators to Dublin ia proportion to their population. The Senate it ia proposed to endow with Federal powers. Mr. Charles Booth urges (he suthorittea to make the landlord as eqnslly liable as tenant! lor me evils resulting xrom tne sweaung system. Financiers in the city warmly approve of the proposal to repeal the Viotorian Liquid atinn Aot. ' Mr. Herbert Gladstone and the Marquil of Ripoo have repudiated tlie ooheme of auton omy for Ireland, ascribed to tbe Eight Bon, W. E. Gladstone. The Pall Hall Gazette, referring to Mr. G. B. Beid'f speech in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Bsya that intercolonial freetraue will romove tbe dhief impediment in the way of a commercial federa tion of the British Empire. Information ha« been received that the Japanese cruiser Chishima came into collision with the P. and 0. moil sisuner BsvsODa, off the coast of Japan. The orniser »a» cut down and sack almost immediately, 85 persons being drowned. The Ravenna wu n»t much injured, and none of her paBseogers or crew were loBt. The Eight Hon. W. E. Gladstone, and Mr. Henry Labouohere, M.P. for Northampton, have been formally reconciled. It ia announced that Sir Gerald Portal, British Consul-General for East Africa has ' bees appointed Imperial Comminioner for Uganda. Information has been received that tbe Derviehea are massing at Dongolo, .situated between the third and fourth otaractn of the Nile. The Dervishes in their movements have slaughtered many Egyptians, . and it is believed that the ^Khalifa is planning an ?Uaok ou Egypt. It is reported that the committee appointed by. tbe Monetary Conference at firoBlaki to ooauder Mr. Alfred de Rothschild's proposal for the purchase of silver by the European Powers to tbe extent of £5,000,000 annually for five years at 3s, IA. per oi., have rejected the scheme by a, majority of 2. They suggest that the silver standard Bbould bo fixed at 3s. 4d. per ot. The Vciiiwhc Zeitvng, » Berlin daily journal, says Mr. A. de Kothechild's scheme iras devisea la toe mcerescs or CDs American silver kings. General Porfirio Diaz has been n elected President of the Republic of Mexico. The British oolumo at Fort Whi'.e, Upper Burnish, ie restoring order amoug the re. bellinne Chin tribes. There le a jnovemmt id tlie German Reichstag in favour, of llie holdiug of a confer slice of the great maritime powers to eeouie the neutrality of private vessels during war. The anthoritiei at the Criminal InveBtigs. tion Department, Scotland Yard, have mani fested onnBiderftblo- interest in the horrible aiaooverieB io Hawthorne, Melbourne, After Darefal oonaideiation they are of opinion that that they are not iu any wfiy connected with the Jack the Bippor series of crimes, and tbey will sat take any action iu Gnat Britain unless they are requested to do so by the Melbonrae police officials. President Hairison, in bis mesKge to the United States £ongre48, on the ocoasion of the opening of tbe session, declares that the nnuutry iB enjoying a degree of prosperity which iB unprecedented, and wanes were never bo high as at present ; nod this he claims is &oe to tile poh'cr cf protection. The differences that hod arisen with Germany sad Great Britain vritb regard to Samoa have, he states, been adjrutcd ; us oIbo have those in connection with the Beliring Sea seal 6aheries. IV rreaident reiterates his Miet in the policy of free coinage. He also declares that if the present oppositiou of Canada con tinues it will he necessary for the Un-.ted States to secure outlets on tbe (eaboard, independent of tho Canadian raitwayx and the river St. Llwrencs ; and it will also 1 0 necessary to combat Canadian competition in the Pacific, by establishing a mail service to China. Lord Braiiey baa explained that his station, Goblnp, iu Western Australia, is at proeut unfit for settlement as one of Generals Booth's oversea oolonie*. A conference is to be opened to dinousi matters in ootmeetion with the existing agricultural depres-ion in Groat Britain. It is expected tbat 1500 delegates will be present. ' The committee of the Fronoh Chamber of Deputies has elicited nvidenoe showing that Baron Seinacb applied large eumi of money belonging to the Panama Caual Company towarflB paying bis uwa debts aod those of Tbe Chinese Government have claimed tbe whole of the Alichar Pamir aa Chinese territory, and the Minister at St. Petersburg statea that China will consider any Bussiau enoroachment thtreon very seriously. Sinoe 1857 the Public Works Department has expended £13. 041,292 oil K-ad»«nd bridges iu the colony of New South Wales. At the Criminal Court Judge Murray sentenced Thomas Oonlon, for the manslaught er of Sarah Nolan, to penal servitude for life. Staff-sergeant Brigg, of tbe New South Wales Artillery, was sentenced to terms of Bix months &nu three montUB for .paeBing valueless cheques and for appropriating another cheque. He was nlso committed tor trial on a charge of forging the name of Lieutenant-colonel Cliurcbwsra to ? cheque, which he subsequently negotiated. Sir George Dlbbs has given instructions for the removal of the name of Mr. Joshua Thomas, of Broken Hill, from the commission of the peace. Representatives of fifteen northern collieries met and adopted the amalgamation scheme prepared by the subcommittee. The Lspotone deviation, which practically does away with the lint zigzag ou the Blue Mountains, will probably be ripened far traffic on the 1st proximo. At the Parrenuttta Police Court, Jobn Barr, who was charged with assaulting his step daughter, by ohoiuing her by the ankle iwA beating her, was sentenced to six month*' imprisonment. . . An old lady at Blcbnxmu, named Oarnol, 93 years of age, has laid prostrated for nearly 40 days without food or anarfsbment of *ny kind. She has scored; even had a drink of wafer. ' ????-? -. ?...-. -?'':?',- . . The Mount Ecmbla. Colliery Company are ?ending a black uf aoal, weighing two and a half tons,' to tbe Chicago Exhibition. .-.;?,,. ... * !Tbe revenue retumsfqr Novtnib«r*mpunted ' b- £678.743, or» ..JeOHMW '«f£«, '«£«?- tbe . B»me raunth last year. , V . ?..'*:. .. . -!r' '?? Smillpoi b«i bMtoVct atPatsrtbnrg, JM miles north of AdeWae;; The patient i. ? ; little girt oamed Kemne 5 ye»r» old. Sbo arrived in Carlsrube from Germany,- The CarJsrahe was quarftntseued ?? mpVarnyiil in . Melbourne, and ptvoautfona, have beeirtaicn. here in looking up the .pa8seoJ!era£ba.ta»rrived* ~ ' here by that boat, ' i .... ? \; r'i ';$;.;?- '-?'? A verdict'of 8utciaehu'.liBBn.Ybtimied '1n the note of Victor Sbsrbruok Hooghtmi, who blew biibniuB out at Coogeo last Saturday..,/ Tbe deceased waa well known *in upper circles and about tb« oily, aud it said to be related, to Lord a'borbrook. 