 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. The Conservative members of the provincial constituencies are prewipg Ministen to pass, bofore Che close of the -Mmoa, Mr. B.1 four's Local Government (Ireland) BiU. The Cabinet ib undecided upon the question, a section pre ferring to appeal to tbe country under the eclat of Tuesday,1!! division. Hsr Mijrsty the Queen, to whom an sppeal was 'made' Ity the miaers of Cleveland, in Ifnrkebire. ill cutinrulion with flin nrav&ilino dintress, conBiqueut upon the strike, has de clined to interfere in thb matter. It Is reported that tbe owners bave acoepted tho proposal made by tbe Bishop -.f Durham, who urged them to agree to a reduction o! 10 per cent, iu the miners' wages, instead of 13J per oent., as insisted upon by the masters, and to proceed to arbitration on tho remaining 3J ' per cent, It iB also stated that the men have accopted the proposal conditionally. A German Judge in East Africa baa sentence*1 17 Arab slave-dealers to bj bunged. The Steamship Port Douglas, one ol the Anglo-Australian line, which left London on the 17th May for Melbourne and Sydney, has been wrecked at St. Viuceut, one ol the Cipe Verd Islands. Tue passengers and orew hare all been landed at St. Vincent, bnt no hope Is entertained of saviiig che ship, A diBBbtrona cyolone has swept over the -State of Kansas, in America! : A large portion of thu town of Wellington was wrcoked. The local Opera Boose, four newspaper offices, a foundry, and fonr squares of houses were destroyed. The casualties among the inhabitants number 600 in killed sod injured. Tbe ruins of the Wrecked build ings caught fire, and according . to latest accounts were in full blaie. Tbe late William Astor, the American null iq Dai re, whoso death wu ftnuonncod re» cently, lift, fifteen millions sterling. He has beqneathed several thonsaude to charities. Jackson won the fight witb fcl&vin hi 10 rounds. Slavin forced tbe .lighting in the match at n terrific pace, so that in the third round both meu seemed pnmped, By the fifth round the combatants had reoovered, and in the eighth Jackson punished his opponent severely. In tbo tenth round Slavin was dsEed by the heavy blows on the f .oe delivered by Jackson, and the round ended by Slavin being knocked secscless. The contest lasten 38 minutes, and the result in Jackson'a favour is tremendously popular. Twelve hundred per sons' were present to witness tbe contest. The Belfast Telegraph publithea the Ulster plan of resistance in tbe event of Home Bale being established in IreUnd. Elections to tho Dubliu Parliament and all judicial and magis terial appointments aie to be Ignored. Only tbe Queen's taxes are to be paid. Special police are to be enrolled, and the Custom booses In Belhyft, Derry, Lsrue, sa'3 Newrf are to be ceased. — While refraining from ag gretsion, the -UlBter people will steadily pre pare for war. - - - — - .? ? ? ? ? Lord Balfour, of Burleigh.politiMl secretary to the Board of Trade, itata that reciprocity and preferential treatment vn'th.Outda would involve ine csuceuauou or imKiapaa treaty engagements, especially as to her relations witb the Imperial Zollverisln, which were of greater value than any benefit that could ba derived from the preferential treatment of the Caasdiab Dominion. Sncci, the fnsting man, who is inParia, has boon declared. insane.- * f~ '? ' :s Arrasgomeiitti are -being made bym'iijimber of oolounu in London to banquet Mr. Dibbe who' has arrived. ^ . . ' ^ Baron Hiisch is serion«ly ill in Paris, con gestion of'.tho*Jnngs' having follo^cJ'npoD an attack of influeuzl. ? . :' Tne Small UoWinge Bill has lie u . Bled by the House of Commons. A Croitn Tenants' Aasociutiun has been formed at- Bourke. Its object is to protect lessees in tho matter -of reDlale. tiiuceCliiislniB& thousands o' i.uop, horses, and cattlc.bavo puribhed about Ouuar, and in sornc places the stench is unbearable. ' ' Another European has met his death at the baadB of the natives of thu tSuIomou Islands, the victim being Mr. Vrauk Nyburg or Neil burg,, who fur several yoarB h:ia carried on a trading station in tbe group. The trip of members of the Assembly to the rabbit countty hat been arranged lo take ulaoe on the 30th June, the day of tbo opeutog of the Cobar railway. Tho four-masted ship Palgrave sailed (in Tuesday evening for ban Francisco with 4790 tons of coals, being the largest consignment evrr sent from Newcastle. The owner of the coltago in Melbourne rented by Deeming ha« pottcinned the Vic torian Parliament for relief, u his property bas been depreciated in value owing to its having been ocouuied by Deeming. The design for tho iron bridge over the Murray at Tocumwull has been approved by the Victorian Government, and the New South Wales Government will proceed with the erection. The cost ii to be £16,000, each colouy vuuti'ibutiug half. 