 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. .' The Empress Eugenie's villa at Florence has been engaged for tbe sprirg by the Queen. There is nraoh indignation among -the socialists in London in coossqueube of their meetings in Trafalgar-equate being limited to Saturday afternoons, Sunoayi before dark, and bank holidays. . . ?- A reward of 2000 francs has been'oEered oy the French Government for tbeipapta're»oE-tbo Europeans who are believed to- besiirintf the Dahomeyans in their operations- againstittai French, ' »?.-?.-?-? *??????? ? ? Tbe Mayor of the town ' of Lotnbirg, in Gajicia, has beffipoiloned by a nqinber of citizens, .who resented thestongent.measqres taken by tho- local oonnoil tor preTontiug the sproad of cholera. ???-??? Lord jSaluhnry has stated to a letter that the late Government always contemplated the retaining of Uganda. Whether or not the BritUh E&Bt Alrioft -Conipiny remained in tbe territory waa k question for them to decide. In his evidenoe before the British Labour Commission, tho Be£Mtrar of Friendly Societ ies said that tbe investments of the labouring classes in England amount to £216,00(1,000. - Japan is making arrangements to seize foreign sealera encroaching ta tier witters. A riot, arising out of the electoral oampaign in the Unitud States, hu taken place at Raleigh, Korth Carolina. Five persons were killed. A man named Snider, alleged to bo a Sydney fioctah'st, has addressed a galhoring on Tower Hill, London, adjuring tho socialists t present a united front to tho capitalists. The society fondal caso, iu which tho wife of Major-Uencril! Smyth accused tho wifu of LicuLtinaut Leader of stealing end soiling a diamond hroonh, and Mre. Leader brought an action for slander, tho court awarding tbe plaintiff £'500 damages. Prince Bismarck's recent utterances have oeon tfrc suojoct ol severe comment by the Press. The i'reuz Zdtung laments the spect ado of a mau like Prince Birmarok, with & great past, being lont to-all ticnefe of patriotic rustratut. Nearly &M the other Gcrm&u news pipers censure the ex-Chancellor, snd enme advise tho Emperor to take - proceedings against him for breach of military discipline and violation of official secrets. The Emperor William, however, while greatly annoyed at Prince Bismarck's statements, refuses to take any action in the matter. The Binperor William alleges that Prince SiBinarck, who is denouncing tue nevt Army Bill now before the Reichstag, prepared a similar mea&urQ when' he was in power, although it increased the cost of the army by 120,000, 000 marks (£6,000.000) per annum. Latest information regarding tho movements of Osman Digna, tbe ttlahdist leader, is that ha is now encamped with 300 followers near Suakin. th view of the threatening state of affairs, Colonel Kitchoncr, the sirdar of the Eeyptahi Innv. until Mftior Winrato &nd a, Sfinanrnn of cavalry, have gone to Suakin. . - The Rev. JamiuSpurgeon and other offioan of tho Metropolitan Tabernaole have issued a circular in which they deolare that only an immersed believer can be ponnanent pastor of the Taberuaole. In connection with the proposed withdrawal of tbe Irish Nationalist Fund in Paria, the Paris bankers BUte that they cannot release the fund without judicial sanction. Lord Rosebery, as Lieutenant of the County of Midlothian, has appointed Colonel Wauch ope (who unsuccessfully contested the seat for Midlothian with Mr. Gladstone recently) to the position of doputy-lieutenant of the county. Mr. H. Gardner, President of the Board of Agriculture in the British Ministry, has pro hibited tha importation o! live' cattle from Canada, owing to fear of the-intrdihictioli 6T pleuro-pneumonia. ', . .-.'? ?-*?? ' ' This decision has caused .great excitement in Canada, and it in [eared that it will^ivo tfie death blow to. the caMo tradsof tbe Dominion - The trial of Mr. Honors Herein-, late Premier of Quebec, and Mr. Paoand, who wero charged with malfeasance in connection with Government ooutrmoU, ? has been cob. olndod, -md rraoltod in the acquittal of tbe accused, chiefly on toohmcaVgrauuda. Mr. W. B. Perceval, Agent-General for New Zealand, in in aodreu delivered at the Workiuf; Mon's College in London lut night, statod that labour legislation in that, colony was chiefly directed tovarda tbe prevention of sweating. Ho denied tint the labour members of Parliament in. New Zealand legislated nolely for /he .worker?; on tbo contrary they united in pautSR measure! tor tbe tmnent pi all -classes; ao3 'hence the. enocesa ,of .laboor^ representation' in that colony.' '.,.', .- i.r :. Tbe notion Ibr slander broujjht hy .Mtc Mnrton Tavarea, tho *o|»r; against Mrs. Wiie baa boen eettlnd by Mb.' W&e .withdrawing tbo imputation of 'bigamy, '.'which was the grnund of action.. '.8he admits-tiiat she Vaa never properly married to Tames,' and there fore ho did not commit bigamy, Judgnwnt has beon given for Tavsree, with bis taxed costs, tint so damages.' ' *. .v .- - . - '' The Republicans have' oolleotid a anm of 82,E00,O0O, and thpDjmoiiratB ^,000,000 Jor tbe eleotion expenses . in oitnuoction with tbe Pruiidoutial election.', Thomas Neill, who was condemded to death fgr. the inanlar of Matilila CldVcr, and was belie'vi'd to huve poi^omtd a number of young woman, )u« bi'tu iccjiikii ior i. week iu order to allow of an elimination being made of. th« evidenoe tendered in tbe United States and Cuwda as to the alleged uuunuty ot tho prisoner. Prince Bismarck affirms that Great Britain Is intriguing with the object of inducing Germany to fight Russia, and thus relieve India of the danger ivbiob Doir threatens. Influenza has again broken cat iu New fork and tbe epidemic is spreading at as alarming Tbc liberal generation hu issued a tnani festo in which it is set forth that the Irish nomorulo question » tho first that should engage the attention of Parliament to be followed by labour, liquor traffic, and land reform. The unionist workers in the iron trade at l'ittuburg, Pennsylvania, who have been on atriko since June last, are now resuming work, tho strike funds having become ethausted. The Bon. Honors Moroier, late Premier of Quebec, as the result of hie acquittal ot the charges of malfeasance brongt against him by the present Government, is now instituting an action Against the Ministry, claiming damagos for illegal prosecution. Mr. Benjamin Harrison, the President of the United States, replying to a petition on the subject on the exclusion of undesirable immigrants, states that the Immigration De. purtracat haa been charged to stringently ex clude all criminals, anarchists, and paupen who arrive at New Sork as immigrants. It is reported that Sir Charles DOke hu bought the Pall Uatt Oosette. TbeNovoe Vrcmya, aSt Petersburg jonrn. al, states that Buaiia is compelled to moraase her military forces, in consequence of the pro posed increase in the strength of the German KX\H'U reported ia diplomatic -circlet that Germany is watching the action of Russia ia connection with the demand for tbe free paswte- of. the Dardanelles for «hlpe of war and tor war material, the drat of which ia being supported by France. Information baa been received of a terrible disaster In the Arctic A whaling vessel was -»nght in tbe ice and wss crushed, and sank almost instantly. The, captain and 34 of the ere* wero drowaed. Five men, wbo Bucoeed in climbing a mast, clung thereto for two days, when thoy were rescued by a passing steamer. In connection with the recent mysterious mnrbsr at-Althorpe; for which a nan named . Alexander -Macrae' has been committed for triaL Kate Elaon, the supposed victim, and who was afterwards reported to have aauad to New Zealand, has returned to England. -What mi intended to be a mass meeting of nncmployed 'was held in Trafalga-square laat night, but it proved to be a, mere 'fimle barely 300 persons being present, and most of them were social demoorata. Ho disorder occurred in connection with the meeting. Resolntiona were passed, calling upon the CjoreramemU to provide work for the nn- . employed,' and also to oonvene a epeoial session of ParliMnent to diecttBO the unemployed 'QQCStioila ?»' It is oonsidered in Canada that the pro Wbitira-ofthe importation of Canadian live cattle inio iingt«nd, owing to the fear of pie'uTo'-enoflrooma, will stimulate tho .trade la dead meat. ? \ .. Prince. Bismarok, iu tho ooursc of a recent interview, ilononnood the exchange of Zimi bat for Heligoland, as arranged some time ago between tho German and liritish Oovbrntnents, declaring that, Heligoland was usdwa to Germany, and would be eaptarad cs the first ' Uoporta received from Oilgit concerning the recent conflict between the Russians and Afghans in tbe ParoirB stato that Colonel Yanuff oaneed tho melee by striking the Afghan chief in thu face... whereupon, the latter fired, tho bullet striking Colonel Yan ofTs belt. The tribesman regard the buI-- sequent fight as being Bnnply a massacre on the part of .the HnssianB. . .. . ? Another mutilated body has been found in Paris, the victim b.ing a young girl1 ? Mr. H. H. Aaquitb, Homo Secretary, ts enforcing the olaase of the Factories Act of 1691 which requires onuiloycia to Uuop a list of the addresses of their outworkers open to inspection in Older to prevent tho evila of The Hussian Government havo demanded from Turkey tbo paymont of £4,000,000 of the outstaudin^ *itr indemnity. Tho Australian colt Trontonla, which was Bent homo by Mr. W. B. WiUon, ha» arrived at Nowmirkot all well. In connection with tbo seven dead bodies of infants which were fonnd buried in tho yard at Macdonaldtown on the 4th, Mrs. Makin, her husband, and two of her'danghters, were brought before the Police Conrt en Tuesday and remanded to the flopner- flourt, to be held on Monday. Tho New South Wales, funded stock waa official!* issiiod off Tuesdiy, l* « hen the Colonial Treasure signed a nnmbet of bonds. A great many -.inquiries were made with re sard to tbe regnlatious, and for general in formation in. cpunection with the loan. Al though Bonie money was received, tho inquir ies wero generally of a preliminary character, bot they were. such as. to show that great interest is being: taken in the matter. Mr. Bee saya that everything indicates that tbe .- Wn' will be a success, altuungh at ptosonf he can only judge by the expressions of confidence that are to hand from the pablio and investors Ths approximate returns in onnneotion with the V.E.C, spring meeting show a decrease jo reoeipts of £7000 or £8000 oompared with last year. A telegram from Broken Hill states that a aerUms fire occurred on Monday night in Argent-street. It originated in a tailor's shop owned by a man named Gallo, and Owing .to tho want of water tho fUmes spread rapidly to the adjoining premises, Tbe unildmgs de stroyed were tho shop whore the outbreak took place. White's boot shop. Bod Peter's . Bolel kept by T. Merrilield. The ship Drumblair, in ballast, from Port Pirie, which stranded iu Waratah Bay on the 16th September, has boon successfnlly floated last night. An eiatninslion eUoweA that Boroe brtho plates had been started, but tbe damage was' noV BojiouB. The vesasl left in tow for Melbourne.. ?' The total exports of wheat for the eoanon frorrf-'Mtilbnirne and Goelony amounted to 140,991 toua. Some startling dorelopmooU in oswitiotioa with the supposed infantioide case) at Mac dunaldtowo took place on Wednesday. The Police went to a house in ileorgo-Btreet, Had fern, two donra Irora tbe Hedfern police ' station, aud at onee began to dig up the yard at the rear. They worjfon' lor more than an hour without any special result, but tt length an over-powcriM; ojour almost forced' them to dentst. They, nuwever, continued their . in veotigatioiiB. and quickly dog up thedecom nosea romaini of an infant. They still per severed, and by 3 o'clock this afternoon three ? more bodies, making 4 w ill, wove unwrthsd. - TiMi were oarefnlly placed in Boxns . and . ftafctV to-lbe South 'Sydnby inorguo.. The towM *M ocennied noniij months ago by .John Makin and bin family, who are now under arwat !» oinijieotioiiwjtb the ahailar diaiwver iesatMocdonaldtown. All thobodios were , found oudor pJrcnO)Btanpi» identisal' mtb. , those connected with the Uaodbaaldtown ' ' cues. When the fourth body had -been 'ao..- ; earthed digging operations were ^toppan' for .. Uw'a»y, bnt ibe yarn -bas not' yet, J»ea , : throughly dug np. AJI the bbdiea were louna, . iu i- Binnl) pitch of (an-denat tbe rearbfthe .' waahhonse, and the rouialnler of tboyard has . not yet bwn tonebnd. TheMareb UihoUla ia tw be ooniiuned tomorrow, and when thlB is completed tbB yjriin of some of the other houses in which tut Makine have lived recent ly arc fa. bB eimilafjy ileali wiih. 