 LONDON AND SYDNEY*. DAY BY DAY.. Tbe American Home of Representatives, by a majority of 17» to 42, hu passed a bill absolutely forbidding the ingreni of Chinese to . the United .States. The provisions of the bill are of a drsBtio character. ' The captains of vessels are made liabls for importing Chinese into the country. -Many-members of the Monso fear that the Dieasurn will result iu a cessation of Hade with China. It in exptctoj that tba Chinese Legation will withdraw from Washing-, top. A terrible disaster has occurred at St.. Petersburg. Five tons uf gun-cotton ex ploded. KinA men were blown to atotnB, their remains beiug hurled in all directions for a diB*. tunce uf 300 yards. Though a baliot taken among the men' hu disclosed that the Durham miuers are etill in favour of continuing the strike, the Miners' Federation has appealed to the masters to. allow the miners to resume work. Much distress prevails among the working classes at Hartleponl and Newcastle o i-Tyne, Mumber.of families are reported to be in » starving condiiion. Buenos Ayres, tbc capital of the Argentine J Bepnb'io, has bieu proclaimed to be in a state of biegp. Many Radical leaders and 40 ufficers . of the army have been deuorted iu a mau.of* war to the island of Tiem del Fuego, owing to their having been concerned in a plot 'to briui; about a revolution ip wbioh dynamite wob intended to be used. The oonjpintora 4 ' had matured plans for the murder of tne Pro... sident (Di. Carlos Pellegrini), tbeciriliffioi.il., the beada of the army, and leading ciiitene. Dynamite las been widely distribute'. Mauy bombB and documents of s revolutionary character lnivn been seized. The jVrtr 1'ort Herald ptiblhlu* a, tele, graphic desputeh to the effect that a revolt hu. taken place in Venezuela. The rebela have defcj el the Gnverument troops Them wu. heavy insB on both side. The *houae (if the i leuiilent iDr X. A. I'nUcio) won -ie»troyed b dynamite. 'I'l.u frmdent and his family escup.d witbeut ii ju.y: Kuisiu has ii.lo. lued Gcn.wiiy tb&t it boa no intention of attacking that Puwer. The move ments of Hu&flian troops on the frontier are merely intended as a measure of precaution. A disastrous tire has occurred at Mandalay. the. onpital uf Bnnnah. The eoi.fl»giali'n spreud uver a la'gu area, tbree*fourths uf the town bcinu reduced tu abliea. There has been great I^Bsuf Me, The toul loss caused by tbe disastrous con Hagratiuu at jMaudulay, the capital of L»wer Bui mah, is cstioi»lcd at a million sterling. Mi.Alltt:ii Chamberlain, ami of the Right lion. Joptph Oliamboilain.-M.-r1 , has boenTO turned without opuusition aa representative iu the House uf Commons for theeastem division ul Wuicevterehire. Iu coiiBvquence of tbe nlletel betrayal to Fiance of the plans ? f the British defenoea of Malia. ike furtnca.lii.ns are iieiug olured at a great cost. . .. '... Lord Carrington in to be asked by the Ceutial Scpnritinn League of Queensland to assist in the atfuaraliuu inuvemtiuL, ' ' ' ? . Mr. Bolfour hui stated iu the House of Commous that, ho doubu the coriectLeda uf . Mr. Arnold White's estimate that 70,000 Russian Jews are preparing to enter Rngloiid. He declared, however, that auoh nu iuvaaiyn. would be intolerable. The ffconominf 8Upt;ct!« that l\io otber Aui-. traliau bank, should follow the example of tbe Associated Banks, and combine for tnutnal. ttasisunce. A plot to overthiow the Bulgarian Ooveru. menthaB b'c n discovered at Odessa. It has ramifications in Belgrade, Constantinople, aud other cities. The biitish in West Africa are raining a force of 3000 native troops to be permanently . niaiutaiued in that ri-giun. Mrs. Moutagu, of Colerainr-, Ireland,' hna. been sentenced to one-years' imprisonment for the manslaughter of her little girl.;-. The child was found dead afier liaviug ue'..n tieJ to a. . wall and locked up. . ... Uu one Mciusiuu' Mm. Montagu told the. governevs tbat skfi 'punished herVhildren to. save their aunls. tjhe illd uul miiid their bodies. ?? ...'?'? Atnoonon April 1st, N.S.W., the Governor uruMiirued Pail anicni mid 'lie 10 u May. There is a decr.a-e of 87. 6(0 Vms in tint Newoustle coul cAporl. cf Iml yuaitcr, it» yuui pared with tho corresponding quarter of loft quarter. Acting-gaoler Gall, of .Murruruudi, hoa b^eiv. discharged frum tbe fu.ee in .connection 'Withj,' thd escape from -gaol . of -» priBtlaer, nlufied Bridjje,. ? »C ?? . :-,- ? - . . ! ... , On Sunday, eiening the.innUlitieii, hody, of s mai/was louml ou the fibuthe'mbiiacli'uoiu the.. Bellinger HeadK p ? On Wednesday tbePuUiu Works Committee, initiated the ii quiry cooeerliii!g.lhe proposed . constructiou uf gfailway f.oui luve.ellto Glen. The Dubl» water supply works, whicharo . estimated to'onst.'JC^.Ouu, aie to be urooeeued; with* as buun us' the ilucui.iuulari KiriiiiiienieutB , have been '.cVmpliitJ'd. ,:, '? ? .' , Tho-ag^u-Datv' 'value of mioe.ri.ls prodoco-linh * New South w»'e? last year wo« £6,656,000. 17a. Tne odver production alone lopienenHsl J!34W,739. ..,??', , . ... «.,-??-?'.:? Heavy 'losses l.nve been entailed opnn the . funnel s i'f 4)ie-Jroft-1n-il'-eiict;!iy thu' dpod, tbis^iCiugV to.ft'utilAT.fiiemrtBo.thW .i-fop ruii»d.bpi»;!v«iijiin^vB;y^iv:\-j'V,-^J . AtN»rraudoiaevi)iytbiu«i»ala atanaihll for the want of rain. Stock arp.' ncrisbinRlp large uunibers, audit is impoMlb'le to jjalher, in the crops till thu laiu cymes. .:;-. ^-.r'e-Vi. ? 