 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BY DAY. A most singular drama io real life was en acted at Sauta Fe(ttew Mexico) on Thursday, its simplicity and tragic denouement making it qictoresqueky horrible, iu 1882 B-udrigo Martinez, a Mexican yonth, left El Kite' a town 60 miles from here, for Mevco. to go to work in the mines. He told his mother and , sweetheart tbat he proposed to make a for* | tune in order to come back, marry his sweet- i heart, aud make hie mother comfortable. He 1 expected to be away three years. After his i departure, he wrote only at long intervals, j After a time his letteis ceased altogether, i It was finally learned by his mother, ! through a man who wsb supposed to be a I fiiend of Martinez, that her eon had been I billed io a brawl at a tninj where he worked. | In the meantime the son heard from El Rito i that bis mother was dead aod bis sweetheart. , tnnrried. After working hard for 10 years he I returned a few da-s Bgo to Gl Rito. He then learned tbat his mother was alive, and his I sweethca t unmarried still. He met bis sup* : posed inend, aud was advised by him to go | home, call nn his mother, and pretend to I brins ber news from her son, afterwards re- j vealiug hia indeutity, so that the old lady might not be _ injuriously taken by surprise. He did so. UuiU he was sittiug in hie mother's house, as a stranger introduced by a ' friend, be was suddenly attacked by the old uomo', whostabbeil him to, the heart She h»d been b id by the , supppoaed friend that tlie sci anger was the murdrrer of, her sen, I When tbe la ter learnt, the truth, she committed suicide by cutting, ber throat. These details were leitroeri by the s.weetheaati and herg ief aud indignation in denouncing tbe false friend who was a lover of hers caused the latter to be shot. Great excitement has been caused by a shootiug tragedy iu the Bue St. Denis, Paris. Three meu who had been playing billiards in a wineshop were in the act of attempting to enier tbe private io»in of tbe landlord, ap paieutly with the object of committing atheift. Two ran awuy, but the third was hotly pur sued. The fugitive menaced with a loaded i evoiver anybody who attempted to arrest him. He shot two men and seriously injured a youth, who had thrown himself in the path of the thief. U.tinutely tbe murderer was airested, and handed over to tbe polios. Tho Bevere beat experienced iu Great Britain last month has culminated in heavy storms thronghout England, whereby much damage has been done to tbe crops and property. A terrible oolliery erplosiou has taken place in tbe Park Slip Colliery, at Brideend, in tilamorgauthire, South Walea. Ooehuudred and forty minors are entombed. A Mansion House Fund has been opened for the relief of the widows ant^ orphans of the victims of the disaster. j Captain Yauoff, in a report to the Ameer of Afghanistan, complains that the AfghaiS| refused to treat amicably with him. but open ed fire upon his expedition. Tbe Ameer has appealed to England for aid against the Russian encroachments. Captain. Vanoff forces consist of 2000 'men and 12 guns, atationed'at Alichur, besides tribal levtes. There is another Russian force stationed at Kalapadj, on the ftiver Orue. ? Tbe Bunsian troops will winter on the Pamirs, Russia claims the territory occopied by Captain Yanoff, on the ground that it formerly belonged to toe rulers ot Juioaand, now under Russian protection. China, on tfie other hand, maintains that tbe ferritoiy iu question belongs to Kasbgsria, Professor Armioius Vam 'ery, the well knowo authority on Ku&aian affairs, wbp b -s frequently waroed Qreat Britian against the designs of Russia, is strongly of opinion that the Kussi ins. iu occupying the Pamir Plateau (sometimes called the iioof of the World), in tend to make anatlook on India. He believes that tbe Afghaud and Chinese fully realise tbe impending da -ttar. The Economist of the 3rd saya tbat since . Sir Geo. l-ibba*a visit the value of New South' Wales 3j per cent stook baa been raised 1 per cent.' Tbe Ect-nvmi*t is not in favour of any attempt being med^ at present to consolidate the .loans of jJew South Wales, and says that Sir iGeorg* Dibbs'a proposed sinking fund is Jfe^fcurest means of easing New South, Wales Bbfes' in the 'animation of the market^ The pwoaomiet remarks that the recent .attack on ttir George Bibbs , in- tbe New Sonth Wales Legislative Assembly Is apparently * favourite mauoeuvre . in Anrtrafia. lr- \ would, ^ that journal thinks,', be more seemly to 'wait Sir George Dibbs.s return from Sydney. , The «ity market? in Dublin - havo Wen de* stioyed by lire, aod seveiaf ??fjoinlng houses' hay? also been bQrued down* - i'be damage is estimated. ~ ? : ' 1 . 6l)ttnplate «0rkBin Wales have suspended operations, aud lO.'XKJ workmen have thereby beeu rendered idle. Owing to the influence of tbe M'Kialef tariff iu tbe United States, tbe firm of &ir Titus Salt (Bart.), Sons, and Co., Limited, of Saltaire, Bradford, l.eeda, and London, worsted and alpaca spinners, bss decided 10' wind up, After a long debate tbe British Medical' Association haa confirmed by a vote of eight 1 o one the reFolution passed at Nottingham io favonr of the admission of woman membership of the association. Dr. Usher, of Victoria, on the invi'atian of the council, supported the motion. Ihc British Treasnry is willing to consent to the coinage by the Sydney ana Melbourne Mints of silver tokens special to Australia, or to permit tbe colonisl Mints to coin British token silver as agents for tbe head Mint, which roust teceive'a reasonable allowance from the profit towards tl f toss tbat will be inouired in the coinage nf gold. It is fltinulatol, however, that tbis arrange* meat shall terminate upon the federation of the colonies, ami tbat they shall he complete concert between ivew South Wales and Vioroaia npon the sahfcct. Diamond^ valued at £10,000 have bees stolen from a safe at the Women's Exhibition , in Paris, where they were being exhibited, A disasterons fire bss ocenred in Jewin-cres* cent, Aldersgnte. An immence block of buildinss was destroyed. Tweuty*seven firms suffered loss by the conBagratiou. It is reported that the estate of Mess re. Red fern, Alexander, aud Co. will barely realise 5s in the £. There is a further deficit of about £145,000 in tbe receipts of the Papal Treasury from tfie , offerings known as Peter's Pence. Iuforoiatiou of a terrible disaster has been ! received by telegram from New York. It appears that a steamer foundered during a terrific storm on Lake Superior. The captain, I his wife And family, aod tbe erew; aumbering , 27 persons, left the steamer m the yawl, and ; after battling with the elements for 22 bouis, sighted land about 10 miles off. Here a, , further disaster overtook them. The yjawl was capsized, and aii but one perished, the snrvivor being a sailor, who swam to the shore. Mr. Pickering, of Harvard University, haa | discovered two mountain ranges of 11,000 feet i in height, In the neighbourhood of Lake Lars,. It has transpired -hat the agreement be* I tween the Duke of Cumberland and the | German Government, regarding tbe surrender* i of tbe Guelpb Funds, involves the entire loss | of tbe income of' the Queen of Hanover. It is ? : tated that the Duke of Cumberland is uuabie | to at-sist her Boyal Highness. A etitemeht'is iu circulation that thp Guelpb I Funds, ever since the period of confjocation, 1 have been speut iu the seoret servioe of Germany. Tbe G&nard Steamship* Compacy are jast about to lauooh the laigest steamer io tbe world, the displacement of tbe vessel being 19,000'tons. A terrible explosion of gunpawder took place onboard the ship Auchmooatain, on Saturday. The ship, which was loiding for her first voysge to New Zexlaiid, and was insured for £20000, was destroyed. Mr. William G'Brieu states that Mr. Curran's loan of £6000 from Anstralin eusbled them to | fight tbe eleotious, as otherwise tbey would - ' have be- o penniless | The New Army Bill to be introduced in | the German Reieht-tun up** session' will in I oreatiu the expentte of tbe army by 70. 000. 0' O - | marks (£3,60t) 000) .nnuaily, nod this extra | charge will pro* ably i e met by an increased ! duty on beer, and a Government monopoly in I h^ growing of lotiaceu. Tbe German naval manoeuvres have bQen I ab kodoned on account of the cholera epidemic. . i Tbe Russian military manoenvree in Po'aud | ha^e been abandoned in cousr-qoenoo of the - cbo era ejji emio. I Tbe figbt lietween John L Sullivan and ' Jim Coroetr. for a stake of £2000 a side and a . I purse of €6000 an 1 the championship of he I world took pltice at tbe Olympic QJab, New I Orleans, on Wednesday. C-orbett, had the : ! hf-st of tbe fi^it all through, and evaotaaUy knocked Sutiivaiy out in tbe twebty.firak , The if r ility from chnlara at Hamburg . ; shows litt.u or no sign of abatements Matters in connection with tbe threatened ~ maritime s-ike remain practically ar a stani stilt. Mr. Nion'I, owner of tbe steamer Tweed, over which tbe trouble ar^se, has made no furtber-ffort to a} tip a fresh crew, aud is pre* pared to wnit-. the developments of tbe next few days Tlie members of the .Federated Seamen's Uniou have pickets posted in all directions, and anuounoe that, though their funds wpre seriously impoverished by the last great struggle. ' tbey will stoutly resist any attempt to reduoe wages at the pteseat time. During last year the number of conviotions for drunkenness iu the whole colony was 15,293 Narrauderaisfullol-unemployed, and bands of huogiy Jarrikiue aft robbing and molesting the shearers en var ouasu.inus iu the district. Eleven new. students a-oto he admitted to the Mawkeabury Agricultural College at Kichmond. *P-ia will bring up tbe number in tbe insuiiutioo to. 61. Io New Zealand a provision baa bean includ ed in the Kiectoraj Bill providing that women's franchise shall not become law until June, shortly before tbe general election, as if tbe concession were granted at once, there mnat be a dissolution. Id oonueotion with the Agricultural Depart ment it is proposed to follow the example of Victoria aod appoint an official to examine aud brand all butter exported sCrwards from New South Wales. The butter producers aud shippers are being cuiumuuio&ted With coucei'Dttig the proposal. Tbe New South Walea postal authorities have arranged for a direct exchange of parcels wilb India. They have also arranged with the other Australian colonies for a T'-ciprocol interchange of commercial packets aud printed papers. The mother superior of the Convent of Mercy at Geelong has beeti fitted Is for per mitting the body of a nun tu be buriuil iu tbe convent grounds. 