 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. Tbo London Times, commenting upon the published correspondence be twteu tho governor oE tho Bank of England and the Qneenslaod Government, espreases n hope that the latter trill not only retract and apologise, but renew their business relations with the bank. The 'A met deplorea the fact that both Imperial and Australian ioterests should be imperilled ia consequence of a simple ullB lumen kBuuiug* The new tariffs agreed to by 'the countries of Central Europe, namely, Germany, Austria, and Italy, came into optretton lately. In commercial oiroleB here it w expected that the result will be an increase in the importation of British goods into those countries. It ia reported that the Russian Govennnont arc considering the advisableneas of renloriDg serfdom oter the peasantry of Smith KuBsia. Letters received in Berlin from the Victoria Kyanza stated that, on 2nd September, Emit] Pasha hr.d already been on the Albert Nyaoza fnr three months, aud had beeo euthuaiaati cally received by hia former troops. Emiu, it is added, had at hia disposal a force of 9,000 men. armed with rifles. The puaitioa of the British in Uganda was extremely critical. ' Accidentally suffocated in a pie tub' was tho verdict vf a coronet^ jury at Frimley Green, Surrey, in the oaae of James Parker, labourer. He fell head first into a pig tub, suutt into the ground, and, bciog nuablo to extricate himself or cry for help, was drowned. Tiio tub was about 9in. deep. The discovery of a neriocs Anarchist move* ment in the oity of ltomla has been followed by an important seizure fit Cadiz, ft fortitk-d city in the Bouth of Spain, where the police succooded in securing no fewer than 62 dyna mite bomba which had , been carefully con cealed iu a house. Intelligence has been received from Tangier that the revolt wliicli recently broke out there shows signs of a epet-dy termination, tbe canee of the trouble having been removed hy the dismisaal oi the Governor of Tangier, who had become very unpopular with the native tribes. The Lancet, the leading medical newspaper, hat published on article which has created widespread interest. The article describes at length a new remedy for tDfluetiza, which faas suits. The cure consietn of 30 grains of potas sium bicarbonate which is to be taken every three boura by the patient. A shock of earthquake waB experienced at Koine on tbe 23rr], causing gnat alarm amongst the inhabitants. So frightened were many of tlie people that, feariug further shooka might take place and demolish their houses, they remained out of them all night and Blept in the streets. Ihu earthquake, however, wns uot of & severe character, and only .alight damage to property ia reported. It is reported that the United States, in view of the present diffioulty witu Chili ttking a more serious turn, is engaged ia procuring transport*, aDd that four vessels havo been already chartered u- act in that capacity. The United States Govern inrnt ia endeavor* in; to obtain the views bold by Great Britain, France, and iaermany regarding tbe question uf holding a conference on the subject of the free coinage uf silver. The electors of fttarrumbidgee, have balled upon their (JaboarJ member Mr. Jtae, Co re* argued, on acconut of hia action in opposing the rnc&aage of condolence to tbe Qneen sent by the New Sooth VV.le- Assembly on the death of the Duke uf Clarence, ai beioc a de gradation' in che electorate. Tbe meettsg oloaed by singing .tnct NntionalAuuiem, '. ' Hie (jorurament want to retrench Baron' von Mueller, m Oovernweot Babuiiat, TO the ground that jie i» ton sct4o|if»!«lly teobtricMtp he pf prnoticol sis .to tie . farming iudnltry. He is 67. iete « Mlary or f 600 * year, and oil reriiiug'vW g«t» pension 'of £52S per auoum. , JPjdock.-irie Sydney corporation defaulter, .wujnuwid to confess hii frand by attending one of .tbd UeT.Orubb'o misniiin services. *& ' burt)ranger_ hu ''turned np vSnasked via mounted »t Dnblni.: laVe Friday lie ' itnok H(.' 4 lono public tiouM ou The Bourkr jo«d;*ud got *U in, lout.. ?? 'j ':? ,;i v- ? ? ,Tha ; JN-iiS 3V : - TretoifT v^uMuU.-JiavR igone off . well in Ku/jlanil privacy*', ^par.irent. 'They »n .»-irtb' now ,jEiU3 'far illtOVin tlie Mock luwliet.-. ? - ?..:?????? ?????-? 