 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. Senor Jose J. Bud iguez, P.esident of the Republic of CosU Hico, has been proclaimed dictator. . The Egypttin Onversment have issued a proclamation prohibiting the trade in alcoholio liquors ia Kgypt south of the 20th degree of latitude. It is reported that the British Government have decided to reoommRiid that an amnesty ba granted to all the Irish political offeadeit, hdw in prisoD. A commission is being appointed to decide npnu tbe claims of Great Britain against the Government of Chili, truing out of the Late civil war. The St. Jamtt't Gauaetxii it will heiitily welcome « team of Australian cricketers to Esglaod next se&soo, if only the eleven will be representatives of the real Btrength of Australia, sod will moke things bam in tbe cricket world. Tbe ffaidofo, a Paris daily journal, publishes the report of au interview with an Italian statesman, in which it is atatbd that tbe Italian statesman W£S positive that a military alliance' had been ooacluied between Krauoe and Rnssia. The comminder of the Russian flotilla In Behnng Sea, who the ether day ordered the seizure of an American sealing vessel, threatens to make further seizures. Tbe Earl ot Rosebury, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, is awaiting detailB of the seizure be fore takiog.action. The prospectus of & company to take over the properties now held by CbarToy Brothers is being issued. Lord Brabourne, Mr. Milchel Henry, and the Duke of Manchester have joined the board. Dr. Renwick, tbs New South Wales Com. roiesiooer to the World's Fait it Chingo, boa published a letter in the Press, explaining the New South Wales system of boarding oat piinper children, and showing how complete is the control which the authorities have over them. There is * general opinion in financial circles in the city that no scheme for tbe con version of the various New South Wales loins c*n be advantageously lurried out until the 31 per cents are at par (the present quotation being 95). ? It is believed that Sir George Dibba while in London obtained actuarial reports confirming thin, and thst the Batik of England, Messrs. Rothschild and Co., and Mr. Goschen, late Chancellor of the Exchequer, also con curred in the opinion. It is stated in tbe city that the conversion of the Sew South Wales stocks at present wonld result in a loss of between £1,000,000 and £2,000,000, though if the 4 per cent inscribed stocks were omitted from the scheme it is thought that & consider able saving in the amount of annual interest could be made, even with tbe 3J per cents under par, bnt the money market is certain to be nervous about any operatiou of the kind under present conditions. It is considered that one great advantage of the present loans would be the crcstina uf fl 3$ par cent Block iu a more manageable form, the redemption being spread over a sufficient period, and tbe exist ing difficulty in redeeming huge blocks of Government stocks would be escaped. And {besides this there is the farther consideration that one large stock is always more market able than s Jot if email onus. It is reported that & fiyndicate is being form ed in London for the parpose of baying up a larce proportion oi the shares iu the lirokoD Hill Proprietary Silver Mine. At' the weekly meeting of directors of the Bank of England, Mr. D. Powell. Governor of the Bank, Btawd that t lie debt in connectinn with Baring Brus.' estate had been reduced by £2.000.000 since March. - The New York Herald ' alleges' thot tbe annexation by England of tbe Gilbert and Cornwallis islands in the Pacific was the result of an intrigue, on the put ot the British and Germans tn expsl American traders from the Son I h Seas. It is stated that tho Pope i« making stren uous endeavours to arrangn an alliance be tween France, ftnssis, and Turkey. .The --marriage of the Princess M.arie of Edinburgh to the Crown Prince of Roumania will take place in England nextJJnauai) . - The Lady Godiva procession was revived alt Coventry recently. A London actress rodo as Godiva through the streets, and the procession, which included six baud aud trade organisa tions, was of great length. Dunmow flitch wae awarded recently to the oonples who coold kneel on sharp stones and deolare that they had used nnthiug bu honeyed words to each other, and had never wished tbemtelveB unmarried. Two couples, the only claimants, after an amusing trial in a marqa % were each awarded a Bitch— Mr. and Mm. firiugtnau, of Forest Hill, a young coople, and Mr. and Mis. Hird, of Bow, whose wedded blue has extended over half-a-centnry. At Crieff six people narrowly escaped death from poisoning after eating potted meat Two youug girJa at Doadee sioiiJariy snffered after eating muBsels. A woman charged with bigamy in London said eho mariied her Becnnd husband for the £30 pounds which he owed her. As there was A dimcnlty about proving the firet marriage, ahe was discharged. A traricus wedding incident oeoured at Halifax parish church. The bride was ouly just over 3ft ia height snd 60 .y&rrsof age. Whcu asked by the 'clergyman during the service' if he would UU W for his weildea wife the bridegroom made 'no answer, &ud tho question was pat again aud agnia with no better result. The ceremony was stopped, and tbe bridal party left the church. They, however, returned to tbe church during the --day, and the bridegroom answered accordiug to the usual formal*. The planet Mars has been shining with ex ceptional brightness in the conthorn sky. On 4th ultimo it was in. opposition to tho sun, and was only 35 O00.0IX) ot miles from the earth, while we arc sometimes ISS,0--0,000 at miles from Mars. On the night of the 7tli ultimo it wbb close to tbe noon. The planet trill not he etain BO near the earth until the year 1909. Tbe Lick telescope is Baid to have disproved the theory that tbe canals iu Mars are double. These canals, it was onoe supposed, may have been cat by inhabitants of Mars by way of signalling -to the people uf other ^lauets. A young inranrat Chester Assizes sought to recover damages for breach of promise from -the daughter of a rieu?bnoii!jn£ farmer. It was alleged that she had thrown over the plaintiff in hoartlcsB manner, after a three years' courtship, auggeating that he had only been after her mantfy, while she aimed at heiog something higher thso a farmer's wife. The Jadge fiairl he tbaauht the plaintiff hat) been badly treated, and the jury a warden him £f-0 damages, , ?.?;?' . A Belgian Ldy, 20 years of age, was .charged at Bow*Btre&t ' with .threatening to destroy herself. It' Wat stated' that she and a lady friend had made a vow. tint in the evoot of either getting married the'otber should commit ?uicide. On learning that the other was en gaged, the prooeided to London* with tbo in. I tention of snouting horself. ^£be ssH she bad refused three offers of nurriaga, but her friend I h»a Booepted the first ; The -aoooned, on anaVtaking to-wtorn Bolgioni stcnoe, was ?diachaftteB.' -'-'-' -?r.''r:~ '..:.?.. - ? '. '' 1 M.Clov)B Bonaparte Bought nullity of marri age with Mrs. Megone, ? on - the ground that »-ootch divorce wuwli tluvfibiainea trnm her {flit fluaijand we* illejn,l on. the -question, af domicile. The Jotee heln that. the Sootcli divorce w«e oHcitified by , collusion, and (2e ci.l.-ii tint the tnarrisjie in tbe Isle of Man with M. -Bouauiric was null mill void. The London Daily Chronicle oommends the immigration policy of Sir John Forrest, Premier of Western Australia andleobmmehdB that tho fall details of it should be placed be. fore the English agriculturists. The Times says that the financial snd in dustrial crisis in Australia may convince tile colonies of the necessity for a closer nnion. A treasure trove, worth £600,000, has jnst been discovered in a convent in the oity of laexieo. It is believed that the money was was secreted by tho then Superior of the ooa. vent' during the Frenoh war. TiiB Mexican Government have claimed tho tre&snre. The assailant of Mi. H. C. Prick, the manager of Messrs. Carnegie, Fhilps. and Oo.'s HomeBtead ironworks, Pittsburg, PenSBylvam'a has been sentenced to SI yean' peual «ervi. tcde. A sensational story has benn received from St. Peter.burg. It it stated that Prinoe Antoine Radziwill, of the ancient houso of 1'ithuanie, soon after joining a hunting uarty, which had been arranged by the Czar on Tuesday, became violently insane, and begad firing at all the attendant, of the party. After some difficulty the raving prince was seized and bound, and snbseqnenily placed in an. asyinm. From the Lick Observatory, in Southern California, a fifth satellite of the planet Jnpiter has been observed, its light being equal to that of a star of the thirteenth magni tude. Hanlan has defeated Stephensoc by two lengths in a scnlling match at Toronto. Iu a letter to the Timct Mr. Labouchere warns Mr. Gladstone that the KadioaU expect radioal legislation. ? ? . In Ireland agrarian outrages are increasing in number, aud threats of further violence have been made. No less than 30,000,000 roubles will be re quired to provide the seed com which is to be supplied to agricnlturists in the 11 famine stricken provinces of finssia. The bounty offerer] by the Government of the Argentino Republic in nrder to stimulate the export of beef bae proved a failure. A branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank has been opened at Byron Bay. Several booses -in the conntry were struck by lightning during a storm on Wedneauay. At Stockton a bouse was completely shattered, end several women and children had a mar vellous eaoape. Mr. Fernsibe, the relieving Btation-master at Granville, was speaking at a telephone during tbe storm, when he wss suddenly sfcmok insensible. He ia still in a precarious? Bt&te. The ship Sara Pile, having arrived at CheBter&eld' Islands to load gnauo for an Australian firm, the Goveinor of New Cale donia has notified that France has posBeoum of these iskndu, and that no one has a light to take guana from them without the permus. iou of the French Government. On Tuesday the Tablic Works Committee agreed to Mr. O'Sullivau's motion in favour nf tbe construction of the Casino- Lismore ecoiiun of the proposed linn of railway from Grafton to Linmore, provided that tbu cost does not exceed £G00O per mile, and that tbe better* ment principle is applied. At 2.30 a.m. iaot Srtnrifay tbe train con veying the police and free labourers arrived at Broken Hill. An immesce ctovi bad assembled, and the train was met with a shower of stones, bricks, and other missilea, while several pistol shots were fiiwl, the the bullete passing through the carriages. The police, with fijoi bayonets, escorted the men to the Town Hall. Several of thum were Buverely injured. As the news offices of the Water and Sewer age Board will cost£Gl,269 5s lOd, or £11,289 2s ludmore than the Government vote, a supplementary vote of £15,001) will be sl-I-'icd fnr. ? ?— ' . . By the Merrie England, which arrived at Cooktown from New Guinea on Soaa'ay night, party under Sit William Macgr*gor uud tbe natives of a village at Goudeuougb Bty weie received. Several natives were wuua.lcl. In view of a possible outbreak or cholera in the city, the mayor has aduptud sn vial form of the disease. A shovel has besn presented to the Rsilwjiy Institute by Mr. R. Arnold which h.-.irs the following inecript on. wbi'ih is hufficienlty ex planatory :— ' Witb this shove! tlie first tod of the Windsor and Richmond Railway was turned by the Hon. W. M. ArnoM J/sq, Minister for Works, ICtb January, lhliS. Handle and Gibbons, contractors. W. Weaver, Esq., engineer.' At AshQel'l, on Monday afternoon. Cardinal Morau performed the ceremouy of blessing the oorner-stone of a honse of missions for the fathers of the Vioceatian Order. 