 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BY DAY. The Queensland Floods Belief Committee In London have cabled £7000 to the Centra! Com. mittee, u the result of their appeal for help for the mfferen. Her Majesty the .QaMB gave £50, and Prince George £10. Tbe Marquis of Eipon, Secretary of Stats for the Colonies, has received a deputation from the Queensland CeDtral Separation w-«i£usi* au -tj»^| tun fiaiuuiovi UIWM IVBmi that tbe Colonial Office would decline to Inter fere in the mutter, pending the. result ot the approaching general elections in Qaeeulaad. General Goorko, the Kusiiui Minister {or War, and lately Governor-General of PoUnd is preparing plans for a number of forts to be built od the Austrian ana GermMi frontiers. Placards have been esoretly posted on the vails and hoardings in tbe city ul BellMt. These placards bear the following :— ' Rise, sons of William j defy the Pone, the trtiton, and tbe unholy bill, and defend yonr lives and liberties.' Spncial prayers against the Home Rale Bill are , being offered in tbe various churches in Ulster. ' ' . . Bis Holiness the Pops bss eahgiaed Mr. Gladstone1! Home' Rule Bill, whit* he says 'gives justice to my good Irish people, while tending to strengthen the power of fiagUnd.11 Information has heen received slating that the Orangemen of Canada are mskuie pre* pirations to BasiBt in aiming tbe men of Ulster, in connection with their opposition to the Irish Home Uule BUI. The Emperor of Germany, in an address to tbe Farmers' Conference, now «itting»t Berlin, aBked thuir snpport to tbe new German Mill* tary Bill, auuring them that the proposals in tbe bill were essential to tbe preservation of pwc«. Telegrams from New York anoonnce Uut ?- terriGo blizzard has swept over ibe central and ewlern Ktues of America. Bailway c .mmn nimition bu been stopped, the trains in m-ny insiunoes having to be abandoued. --Xbe bi-zurd exceeded, both in intensity and de eiractive (orce, that of 1888. Huy persons have been frozen to death. Informatioa from Borne states that 26 uuu- chisto hove been arreBted In connection with the' dynamite explosion at the Quiriilil (the palace of the King) on January 27. The donations presented to his Holiness, the Pope on the occasion of the episcopal jnbUee now amounts to £280,000. France and aiam have agreed to wtUe the frontier dlflSonlty by aijbltration. Owing to ? recent -Banian ukmse &C,000 lew* bave abandoned their hornet aid are leaving the country. ' ... ? News has been received of a be»ry rainfall in Poland, resulting in great floods in the Jow. Wing portions of the country. . Numerous villages have been «ubmorged, ooauionlng much distress. '? .- . The, river Dannbe isin ? flooded ooDdltlon and has overflowed its banks. The flood bu been occasioned by heavy rains near tbo sources of the river, and in running its oonne to tno JJlaak Set it « untingits disuter and ruin. Jn Hungary a number of villajjes were submerged suddenly for a few minntea only, but . hundreds of persona (including many whole ftnulieil vere drowned. ? ; Tbe French Government bare annexed Kergnelen L-nd, an island In the Indum Ooein, in latitude 60 degree! south ud long titnde 70 degrees eaeb The New Vrmya, - S(, Petentarg journal, says that M. JnJeH Ferry, the newly elected- president ot tne French tjenatu, aim* at an nltimnte clliuoe between Franoe and Qennany, and is utterly nnfit to be i&tro&ted with power. The Vienna correspondent of tbe London Standard has telegraphed the startling inUjlli geuce inat the Busai-n in department' hu perfected pUn- by which 40,000 troops oonld be immediately lauded lit SUmbonl, tne cipi tal of Turkey, if desirable. Xbe Turkiib authorities, it is olumed, would not be able to prevent the landing of Russ'uin troops, uthair largest warships aie lying in tbe harbonr, 'un- manned and iu % rotten condition. Great Britain, it is believed, would not have time to do anything to check tbe advance of the tro 'pa. Mr. G. Uaokiy, tbe Americsn millionaire, bas given a donation of £400,000 to tbe Har. vard University, in Boston. Massachusetts. It is reported that typhoid fever ie becoming nUrmingingly prevalent in Chicago. The onlbrcac ia alleged to be due to Ural gues fruui the auwers. The opposition in Ulster to Ur. Gladstone's Home Knle BUI continues uubated. It h*s been arranged that 10,000 delegate! from Ulster sha.ll proceed to London and hold a demonstration at Trafalgar Square. Threats bave been nude respecting tbu probability of a civil war. Count Caprivi, the Imperial Chancellor, in reply to a question in the Gurmsn lteichntag, stated that Germany would never surrender ' $he provinces of Alsaoe aod Lorraine, for whiob sho would prefer to Bbod her last drop of blood. ? The Belgians in tbe Congo district, in Cen tral Africa, bave bod a despente straggle with Tippo Tib's Arab traders. Tbo Belgian! de feated tbeir opponents, many of tbe Arabs being killed. Meetings on an extensive scale are being organised in Wales to protest against tbe Clinrch Appointments Suspensory Bill, whioh ia understood to be the prelude to the discs. bblishment of the Church in Wales. In the event of Home Rule being established the Irish . constabulary an to be highly pensioned. . Information has been received tnat tbe New Zealand Shipping ComuMiy'e steamer Buihino, which left London for Auckland on. 4th Fenruary last, bas puriuto M. HfddDk in consequence of her cargo having been on-nre,. necessitating the flooding of her holds. ?; ' It has been ettimatedthat tbe damage/dba* by the lute floods in the Clarence district ?mounts to between £70,000 and £80,01)0. !: A man named Henry Williams, for asunlt with intent to rob, has been Mntenoad to five yean1 imprisonment. There were * jiamber ot previouB conviotions tgainitthe prisoner in Brisbane. . ' ' ? Tbe total number of .ptokaat* tbipped bom Sydney to tbo Chicago inhibition bas been. 3,866, measuring 877i tous, *oi rained «t «9,629. '. .; ..; ?-.. ' ?,..??-?*» :? '.' Tno Colonial Treasurer bai received ?„», .... osbtegnun from tbe Agent Qeaeral in London, . . , sUting th.t the Treasury . bills for AoAQOO, h»ve ill been Ukou up. ' .' :' _,.(?. ?-?.?»'?? Tho(eitherwoightgloi?f|glitbehr(*nGriff» ' »nd J, HushtM, lor the championinip «l,the . world,' *ventu*ted on Tuesdny sight ot tbo Dirlingburst Skating Biok, »nd w«i witnouei, by uuw»rd« of 2,a(Kt.person».,11Th« contest ' lasted into tbe foarth ronnd wheu .Uriffb 'wan 3ec*red Che winner en '»n »f-paal from hi» . ? «ouohd ior an ?llegtd foul. AdurinoefiU'»eiu» then occurred. P»rtManBuJ WtB'roen;nisheiV- ? into.th»'ring-«ua»iui»ee4iuifiW'ng'ht;Tha' chain in the Jull were quickly -v»il«l jit . »naV the Jegsvfere further ;di«tnbuWd«moDg the : Tu TuMdsy « deput«'tioi-V»iH oa tari] Jersey Mkiog Wm to ikerasenU periwmtive ^ Mi disiolvc p«riianiBnt'-iortnWith.' Tub Go- ' vernordecluieoV ...'S\:%F$.'''i-': '?'??.-v.'.'-- .' . Tbren denrnolin bnsh':Bres' have. Wo rtging for' days iu .tbe Albury diitrict. Several struggling, selectors hava been burned 'lit. ond'a large quantity of graBS and. feuciiig de^ - . ' strayed. ? ? ' * ' ' '. No rain bos fallen for 10 we k« in thu Alunry district, and n water laiuiiiv ia 