 LONDON AND SYDNEY, BAT BY DAY, Miss Shaw, the special correspondent of the ' Tima in Australia, oootribatea n article to that journal on Now Booth Wales. She «ay» that, owing to the souse «[ corporate Cabinet responsibility being too slight, the oniony ii . covered with superfluom and noproduotiva works built out of the revenue. The Civil Service is encumbered with nnneeded officials, and requires reorganisation. The system of nttioDt! bookkeeping demsttds reform, wbioB is vitnally urgent in order to enable the Colonial Treunrer to control the expsnditafe. Commercial enterprise is now oondnoWl ftoder - fluctuating political direction. Either * more intocratic form of government or tottar methodi of coTernment are required. An alarming shook of earthquake hu taleO place it Sandgtte, on the coast of Kent. Pro. pert} to the eitent ol half the rateable value nu been destroyed through the landslip attrl- ' bnted to bnvy -ninfiu and to exploding operations at the wreok of the Benevenne, close to th« abort. ? Lut week a deputation of nmnsenUUres of labour unions and often favourable to the legalising of eight hours as ? dty'i work waited npon Mr. GladatoDe who laid th* ontH the miners were -unanimous, there wis little chance of Parliament sanctioning * ntxpnl eory limitation of the boars of labour. Ho was not inclined to interfere with the hours of adult Ubonreri, but was prepared to oonrieV the application ol the local option principle to labour. The Czar kas empraded tin sdiot under which tbe Jew« were expelled from Russia. It is reported that Breuarei an beiag talurn by the Cur lor tbe anwUontion of tb» condi tion of the Jewa withiu his dominion!. For having been conceraeA in the poisoning of free labourers duriDg theBtrikertCtnoghA Homeatead Mills, Pittabnip, H. T, Dfcnjiy, matter workman of the Knight* ol Ls4»arra»a I'mu named Beitty have beta BTOtoBsed to' seven years' penal servitude. Gilhgner lo five yean, and Davidson to three yean. Intelligence from the Congo is to the- eftnt that M. Deloommune, commander Of tfcer Belgian expedition sent out by the Antr slavery Society of Brussels, has identified tho river Luknga u the Luab«l», connecting Lake' Tanganyika with the Congo. Tbe conference of the British Miners' Federation has rejected the Advice of tho executive for * mouth's suspension of work in all British collieries. A deputation ropreBeatiog the commercial interests of Ireland has endeavoured to wait upon the Premier, but Mr. Gladstone declined to receive them. They theo waited ou the. Marquis of Salisbury asking him to, If possible, pievent tbe paBBing of the Homerule Bill* Tlie Marquis of Salisbury in, reply e»id that: Ur. Gladstone did not desire too much publi city. He advised the deputation te insist on seeing the Premier, aud assured them, that: there were signB of a reversal in favon-of 'the '? Tories. : Mr. A. J. Bslfour, who was present, re- - marked that the Iri»h autouomy scheme meant - bankruptcy, a contingency which Mr.- Glad- stone was too wiee to discuM. ' The Parnellite section of the Iriiih members' of the House of Commons have pledged them selves to support the second reading of the Irish Homerule Bill, with freedom to amend tbe bill in committee, if the Government will fulfil the condition! laid down by the lite Mr. C. S. Paruell in his demand fer a full aineity of politioal offenders. the Boyal Commission appointed lut year to deal with the evicted tenants question, in Ireland, under the presidency of Mr. Juitioo Matthews, hss Bent in a report, in which it is stated that it is necessary to empower the land courts to reinstall tenants aud make advances to them from the rates \o enable them to pur chase stock aud pay their arrears of rent M. Bourgeois, French Minister of Justice, his resigned nil portfolio in consequonoe of the evidence given by Madame Cottn at the second trial of the P.n.m. directors', that the ' Government had influenced the reoeut Panama trial. 8ir Charles Dilke. M.P.'for tbe Forest of Desu division of Gloucester, during the debate . in the House of Commons on tbe »rmy eetl. mites, twitted the War Department with spending £20,000,0(10 per annum for the army at home, and yet it waa impossible to mobilise the troops UDdcr a fortnight, while other Powers oould mobilise their armies in four The Pall Mall OaatU states that Australia must buy but French interests in the New Hebrides. President Cleveland hu sent a message to the United States Senate asking them to withdraw tbe treaty for the annexation of Hawaii. Australian factory butter is meeting with * study demand, but it iB expeotod thst pi ices after tbe incoming shipments will be reduced, A canal is nowTieing cut which is to connect Luke Brie with Lake Ontario. Tbe und, which hai « length of 13 miles, will B»ve 112 miles on the present route. This is the first seotiou of the proposed cinil from Like Brie to Montreal, thence through the United States, from Montreal to New York. Tbe Emperor William states that he hu' the . »tne strong will u his father, and he is deter mined on carrying out bis military proposals. Money is being subscribed in abundance m order to 'resist Home Bale, and tbe anti Home Rule agitation continnei to increase. Several officers from each of the garriion! in Ireland have been sworn in as uajjiettatei in order that they miy be able to aot, in the eveot of Home Bale riots occurring, without, calling upon the local juBtio&s. A namber of leading laymen amongst tho* Irish Catholics, Including the Earl of Eilmorey Lord Lonth, thn Earl of Fiogall, Mr, Daiiiol O'Counell (grandson of the great Irish ' Libe- - ralor ), and Sir Henry Unttan-Bellew, are. inviting the Catholioa to join in a petition, against tho granting of Home Rule to Ireland. A sum of £12,000 has been subscribed in ' Dublin in a fortuight towards the fnnd to pro vide for an organieed resistance to Home Rule;: ..: The Durham onsl piiuor« b»vo decided to, accept the. reduction, of 5 per cent in wanes ? which b'as beeu notified by the colliery ownert, . Sir Thomas M'llwrnith arrived bore on Wednesday .on his way to Brisbane, He bad an interview with the Premier ond in tho evening attended the Assembly, when Mr. Sue the Colonial Secretary, gave him a copy of. tho new Income Tax BUI. He left by nrnil train ou Thursday. - The floods in the Northern districts have been mnet disastrous to crops, roads, bridgea, and publio works At Maitlaod the waters, roie 47ft. or 12ft. higher than those .of 1842, whioh up to the present wu tho highest Hood. ? mark kuown, ? There will be no Easter enomapmant this. year thus £26,000 will be aaved. '. '. Amongst the passengers per B. M.S. Oriuba . s-Uiug on Saturday (I Ith) were the member! of the csvalry . team u- fake jurt in a series off . military competition! in England. The turn) oomprisea Sergeant. Birracluff, ol the Sydney, troop 1 Trpopora Cttt, Junes, »nd Woody, ol'. the Ili»w»r» troop j Serg. »n t Bleneowe, Cor-, -. poral Beery, ud Trooper Shirker, of th» Kelt, ' Omden uoopt OotlporklB Cole anil OoUind, : Hunter IUver troop ;Trpoperr Li vintilonwid Beily, of tho C«Vuio. troop ; Hergeknt VJ»ly «ud . ? Corporal JJobiofi, ? of the Liamoce troop ^ ' ?Trooper-nrgeuit-mmjor Wuton.axulO'Gnay, Corporals Otkes and Lamb, of tbe F»rrem»tta troop.'.' Captain Dodds ib in charge of th(e team «nd Warnnt-otficer, Thtnpusop.tbe in-, itroctor. The members of ii,s Auwndwi. Eleven wurunlaQvuiomjen, 