 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAT BZ DAT. Prinoesss Marie, daughter of the Duke and Dachess of Edinburgh, who will shortly be married to Prince Ferdinand, of Rcnminia, is renouncing her claim to the throne of Great Britain. The Queensland frozen meat broken con sider that thore are prospects of m good t*a^e io the E nglish provinces where there is a good demand for. tt oxen meat* Ths IZnva ntnnivf; /if Rnnili -ImIIb8I to negotiate regarding the Pamir territory with Great Britaia aud China together, but ia willing to tre.it with eaoh separately, Tbe Government of &pain have demanded from the Republio of Brazil the payment of an indemnity for tbe killing of Spaniah citizens daring the reoeat rebellion in tne province of Bio Grande. ? . A number of the unemployed, estimated at 1,000, assembled outaide St. Paul's' Cathedral* they sang the ?' Marseillaise', and then attended the ssrvice, on New YearVThy. , The Spanish anarchists hava m*de a violent - tow to bsptise the new year with blood, . Mr* John Morjey, Chief Secretory, for Ireland, baa decided to disarm the Irish police . providing them with batons instead of swords ipUd'tayonets. .... . Pope £eo XIII*' has issded an esoyiuioar letter, in regard to the opening of .the great. World's Fair in Chicago in May nett, iu which his Holineasappeali.toihe conoord andenergy i 4-f all Catholics, : f - Ten tbonsand troops .of .the Argentine Re I puMio have been ordered to prooeei to the - , distriot of Corrientei, in order to ' suppress a rising there. . Tbe Swiss are greatly irritated because 4be . French' Chamber .has rejected ^the Franco*. Swiss ^Commercial Convention, and it iaaaid that a tariff ^-waK with France islikely tc be : ?entered upon. - ? The Emperor William M Germany sayi it tf absolutely necessary that the new MiUtary Dill should be pased bv thfe. Heiohrtag, -sua' , he is determined that it shall pass,'and wUl: not hesitate to crush all those, woe oppose It 'i Prince Waldemar,. of Denmark, brqther-in- ' Jawof theCear-jf Itutsia. is peportedto be a' candidate f^'r the Pronch throne. Mr. Benjamin Tiliett, the la boar leader, his been summoned for inciting 'tiie recent riot at Bristol. 