 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. , The Australian Eleven opened their cam* psigo io Borland on Monday agajofct Lord (Sheffield's Eleven, and tbe match was con tinued ou Tae&Uy sod Wednesday. Tbe Snglisbmen batted first and soored 268. The Australia oa scored 138 and had to follow on ; tbe second innings closed for 173. The Eng lishmen soored the required namber with the loss of two wicket* in the raoond inniocp, and won by 8 wickets. The Qaeeuslanders play was. admired. ** Tho Home Kale Bill is bewa aisonssea in committee in the House of Commons, and nnnierons amendments are proposed daily. Her Majesty personally reviewed the New South -Vales cavalry ana Victorian artillery .on Tuesday, , and expressed great pleasure at seeing them. The betrothal of tbe Doke of York (Prince George ot Wales) to Princess May (who was beerotbed to the late Doke of Clarence) has been officially announced. Her Majesty tho Queeu baa given her sanction to the betrothal. The HubSiau diplomats {ear tbat Uermany will seek to divert the attention of her own people from home troubles by means of a foreign war. Tbe Government forces io Honduras have had an engagement with the rebels. Darinif the fight 40 rebels were killed, and 90, who were taken prisoners, wereenmmarilyexeouted. The National Conference of delegates from the miners' nnious is now discussing a proposal for a tfeoeral strike, in order to lessen tbe output of coal, and so prevent the necessity for rednotioos iu wages. The Provisional Government of Hawaii has -Offered ex-Qneen LUinokalani a pension of £5.000 per anaum, which the ex-Qaeen has refused, trssting to the United 8tates to re store her to her kingdom. It is reported that the Governments of Austria. Spain, and Belgium are yieldiug to the Pope's encyolioal, ana have consented to -disenss theadvisablenesa of a partial disarma ment. Mr. Miobael Dsvitt has been adjudicated bankrupt, iu consequence of the nonpayment of the costs of the recent petition sgainst bis return for Meath North. . The Fiench Chamber .of Deputies have unanimously passed a bill providiug for the oompiilsory registration of foreigners. Tbe . bill makes provision slso for the wstching of the changes of residences of foreicnerc. ..Information has been received of futtlier fighting in Chilas. a territory on the north west frontier of India, Major Daniel!, wbo ltd the British foroes, was killed io the moment of victory. He was at the time leading 2u0 men against a force of 3,000 well armed tribes men who were under oover. Lord Roberta baB beou welcomed ou his re turn from India to England. Replying to sn address which he received, Lord Roberts, who .wss commsoder-in-ohief of tbe British foroes in India, affirmed tbat tbe loyalty of the natives in India was a proof that contidenoe in the British people was growing. The Mosoow correspondent of the London Daily Chrodiole reports that the fear and Czarina of Russia have had a narrow escape from death. Tbeir Majesties were travelling in a carriage in the Crimea when the vehicle upset, throwing the royal party into s river. The attendants rescued the Csat and Czarina, but they narrowly ♦ soaped being drowned. Count Oaprivi, the Imperial Chaneellor, announced in the Reichstag that the Govern ment had aooepted the proposals of the com mittee of the Reichstag regarding the Army Bills, whioh .provided that the increase in the .strength of. .the German army should be slightly lessened iu numbers ; but the Government insisted upon carrying their pro posal for a two jrears'servioe. Io a powerful speech Count Caprivj , declared that it was doubtful if .Germany bad the ability to attack France. The rejection of tbe bill would create ian impression of weakness, aud compol the Giermau army, iu tbe ev*nt of attack, to retire behind the rivers Khi e and Oder. The Reichstag has rejected tbe German Army Bills by a majority of 48. On tbe result being known outside tho ohamber a large crowd of persons assembled iu the street who cheer«'d eathnsiaatioally, and tbe excitement that followed was only equalled by the receipt of the news of the first battle between the Gf-rmana and tbe French in 1870. According to arrangements mnde between the Emperor of Germany and Count Capri vi. the Imperial Chancellor, the latter immediately afier the division dissolved tbe Reichstag^ and the necessary orders for fresh elections were given. The Emperor of Germany in addressing the troops in Berlin declared that if the new Reichstag rejeoted' the Army Bill he was prepared toenfoioe its passage. A bill for the disestablishment of the Chnroh of Sootlsnd has been read a first time. The House of Lords has appointed a Select Committee to consider the legislation required to oompel the marking of all foreign and colonial meat, fruit, eta, in such a manner as to show tbe plaoe where it was produoed. The dockers on strike in Bud have offered to resume work if the Shipping Federation will give a written assuranoe not to attempt to destroy the Union. - The Prarnier of Greece has resigned in eon* sequeuoe ot being unable to negotiate a loan in {SnglandL Jhe Bishop of Mets, in a recent pastcrnl letter addressed to the Roman Catholics of Wraiiie,~expr-Msed the hope that Pope Leo XtU. would soon cease to be a prisoner at the YHtioan. The Empemr William of Germany has admonished the Bishop of Mete, holding that his pastoral iis unjust in its reflections on the Government of Italy.' The Emper--r con cluded bis admonition by forbidding tbe clergy to meddle in political affairs. a ^ews. has teen, received that a dynamite 'bomb was thrown upon the railings at the Dublin Law Courts. All the window* in the beitthbourhood were smashed, and the pave* Tnents were sunk. The explosion was heard far mtyni; The polioe have a theory that the explosion was intended as a reminder of the anniversary nf the assasinatione at Pfamnlx Park. 11' years ago* Do arrests have yet been made. Her Majesty formally opened the Imperial Institute ia State on Wednesday, in the presence of an enormons and brilliant asRemh lege. . -The oeremony was a mbst imnostng one, and tbe utmost enthusiasm was displayed. The Viotorian and New South Wales troops formed pare of the Queen's escort, and re ceived a great ovation from j^he crowds who tbronge I the streets. A Cossack regiment at Kieff mutinied in consequence of harsh treatment, and fired on tbeir officers. They afterwards stood a ^eige for 28 hours before they surrendered. Fifteen killed and fifteen wounded. Tbe Women Silkgrowera' Association pro pose to establish the silk-growing indnstiy on a co-operative basis iu various places through oat the colony, sud to start the company 'with a capital of £50.000 A gunner -named James Molyneaux was crashed to death at the South Hvad Battery on Wednesday^ whilst engaged in the mount ing of a new gun. Tbe gear gave way, and the gun fell on Molyneaux, oauaiog instan taneous death. . The Minister for Works, replying to s , deputation who urged the insertion of s clsose in Government oontracts stipulating that the contractors should psy the ruling rate of wages, stated that be aid not agree with the proposal, also tbat the Government ooold no . longer afford to employ large numbers ot men on reclamation and other works.. The intercolonial eight-oar race take* plane at 3 p m. this Saturday afternoon. The Re sult will probably be Victoria, Queensland, N,S. Wales. 