 LONDON AND SYDNEV, DAT BY DAY, During the disoassion on the Home Bute BUI ia committee in the House of Commons, Mr. Gladstone made a somewhat excited attack upon Mr. Joseph Chamberlain in oon' sequence of the Utter hiving ooooBed the Go vernment of withholding «n adequate desorip' tioo of their polioy. The Premier declared that he hod given full and explicit expTwatioiur ? l_d_'_..1.. i_ &i ? _^._. _l.!_1. £t.~ Lilt L-.A relatively w we ? suge iraioa idb ? dui nma reached. Ad extraordinary soene took plooe In the House of Commons. During the disdnsnon la committee on theliUh Home Role Bill, Mr. VioiryOibbs, M.P. for St. Albsns, charged Mr. /. G. Swift M-Neill, M.P. for the southern division of Donegal, -with having interieoted . 'What the ? is tie talking about f bat Mr. M'Neill denied having used the words. Mr. UuMtuey, M.P. for tho southern division of Antrim, then attributed the words to Mr. Thomu, Sexton, M.P. for the northern divi sion ol Kerry. Mr. Sexton denied the lm. natation, aud bis denial produced an uproar in the Chamber.- „ ; The St. Jama's Gazette, commenting on the opening of the Imperial Institute, says that the cementing of the British empire would bo eeoureil it members of the roysl fnmily were appointed to the governorships of the oolontes. The writer says that posib'y we raty yet see the Doku of Connanght occupying the position of either Governor-General oi Canada or Go vernor of Now 8outh Wtles. The Paiis journals allege that renewed efforts are being mode to induce Groat Britain to evacuate Hgypt. The Daily items publishes a letter from Mr. Howard, formerly of Adelaide, in whioh that gentleman strongly adviieB depoatton in the anspenaed. b&nVB Id Australia to 'adopt the reconstruction proposal. King Leopold ol Slelginm is desirous thst av settlement nf the difficulty ia the Congo dis trict in Central Africa .should be arrived at, and bu suggested that tho matter be referred to arbitration. The French Government have, however, rejected the proposal. The Kbnkis, a, native hostile tribe, have committed a raid near Manipor (the soeoe of the nuusaore of British residents a rear or two ago, when Mra. Grimwood heroically effected ber eanpe). During their depredation! the Ehukis beheaded 300 natives. - The English socialista arc uniting to frame » charter for their organisations, wkloh will in Liuuv ULivaaii giuirajja. The DaUy Una in a lMciing^rtlole on the finances of Mew South Wales, urgci the Go vernment of that colony to est aside the land revenue to meet the interest on its pnblio debt. ' An anarchist plot, having for its objects the ' cauBiDg of explosions in ana tbe firing of the - buildings at the World's Fair at Chicago, h«a been discovered, Tbe p6lioe are now asarob ins for the promoters of the diabolical aabeme. The Legislative Assembly of Newfoundland Bitting at-St. John's, have rejected by a lame majority tbe proposal under which Newfound land was .to have entered the Canadian Domi nion. The marriage ol the Duke of York with Priooeu May Has been fixed to take plaoe on July 6. It is reported that Her Majesty the Queen rejected the list of honour! which Mr. Glad stone submitted for her approval. The list comtnenocd by suggesting that Earl Spencer should be created a marquis. Lord' Randolph Churchill, * ia a trenchant speech has declared that tho Irish Nationalists were merely political brigands and -nihilists, unbound by any laws, their own desire being to oover fitoglaad with shame. Sir William Jervoia, ones military adviser to the Oovrrnments of Australia, and more reoentlv Governor of Sontb Australia and New Zeslai d, in an interview with a Press repre sentative 0' ntended tint . if the Australian colonies weie savored from Great Britain they must fall a pray to either France, Germany, or China. The official Press in Vienna warns the Porte of Turkey not to negleot the advice of General Brialmont, the celebrated Belgian military en gineer, ia refoionoe to the fortiiioationB on the shores of the Dai dunelles and the Bospborus, as Russia is gottiug ready the Blaok Sea fleet. Tbe Vienna correspondent of the London Times states that Turkey must reontoniBe her navy and immediately roliuild her forts. At the sitting of tho Women's Congress at Chioago the flooring of the building oollaprcA, and 80 delegates fell to tbe buement. The shrieks of the ditlo^atee as tbe floor subsided were terrible, but only eight were serionsly injured. The British East African Company are pro poBing to evacuate Uganda, Sir Uerald Portal, coe DIIWVQ lAiiuuiuwiouer, buvucaiub mi« eubua British epkore, including the whale of the in terests of the British Bast Afrios Company, being ineluded in the protectorate of Zanzibar. Lord Rosebery, Secretary of State to the Foreign Office, favours tbe suggestion. The wiU of the late Lord Derby was lodged for probate. Tho estate is valued at £1,750.000. . The World's Miners' Congress bai opened at Brassols, -Mr. Tliom.s Bnrt, M.P., foe Mornelh, presiding. The delegates present represent 1,090,000 miners. The congress is now discauing' the compulsory eight-how question. Pope Leo X11I. has granted a special audienoe to Cardinal Moron, of New South Waiot. A. landslip, which has ocoarred in Vaerdalen in Norway, has destroyed 40 farm hoasea and changed the character of the entire valley. It is ostnuted that there, have been 100 victims, mauy of whom lost tbeir lives while asleep. Tbe Irish American League hare sent a cable menage to the leaden of tbtrTParueilito section of the Irish Nationalists in the Homo of Commons, stating that it hail been reported that they were in possession of letters which showed that a union had been effiolcd between. Urn Parnellites and the U'Carthyites, and asking if the report was true. A reply has been cabled to the effect that the report is oot The Emperor of Germany, at the unveiling of a monument to the late Emperor I. (the pre sent emperor's grandfather) eald that Germany must hold on to that which she had gained, and «n increase in the army was essential to ber existence as a nation. The British Anti-Slavery Society have lodged a protest with the'Snltan of Morocco against the sale of alave girls at Tangier. ' It A re ported that the girls have been sold for JC10 each. ' . It is reported that tbe attendance of visitors at the World's Fair at Chicago is lessening, and that the hage exhibition is pot paying working expenses. ?? - Sir AlfredStephsn, G.O.M.G., C.B.. M.L.O., ex-Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales, has been created a privy councillor. ... The Imperial Treasury lisa shelved the con sideration of the question of the coinage of silver at tbe Sydney and Melbourne mints until the colonies interested have arrived at a nnanimona deoiaion on the eol.jeot. ^ Mrs. Montagu, after serving twelve months ' imprisonment for ill-treating ber ohild by lying it op in a dark room, death resulting, ' has been released from Grangogiinnou prison, ~ - ? The utmost »ocrcsy was observed. It is under. . etood that ebs hat already left Ireland with Colonel Montagu, .who bat .arranged for two ' years' trim!: on the.Contiieiit. Mrs. Mon lagn'a ibtttuy-born ju gwiaop, was sent three * days af tef wards '(bltigjgrandinoihen A droMfnl rallny oouincnt occuered at l'ralpe, it Ireland; V train beiag derailed and thrmvn into * rfier 40ft. ..ilow. Pour ueruoni .were killed ,£uJ kiorm' it jo ed, »'-! wven I truol-.-losd. iii pign wert ?%, ,lu»iroy. J. 