 THE PACIFIC MAIL. THE VANCOUVER SERVICE. The First Steamship. Australia to Vancouver In Nineteen Days— The Canadian Subsidy— Uuick journey from Syd ney to London. London. ADril 19. The Government of Canada has despatched a cable message to Sir George Dibbs urging that Now South Wales should join in the subsidy to MesBrs. Huddart, Parker and Co.'s proposed line of steamers between Canada and Australia. Only a week has elapsed since the cablo message from Canada announced that the Canadian Government had agreed to a subsidy for tho imino diate establishment of a four-weekly service between Australia and Canada, the vessels to average 14 knots ou tho passage. The engagement was made through Mr. Jas. Huddart, tho managing owner of the New Zealand and Australasian lino of steam ships, comprising the 3330-ton express steamships Miowera and Warrimoo. Beth of these vessela are classed as 17-knot steamships, and their speed, sea-going qualities and tho comfort and luxuriance of tho passenger accommodation has been amply proved during their excursion season in the Australian-New Zealand trade. Little or no time- has been lost in making arrangements for the now service, Tho steamships were withdrawn from the New Zealand trade, and both are now in Syd ney undergoing a thorough overhaul of machinery, &o, to render them fully capablo of performing the voyage at a high rate of speed. Tho vessels aro capable of averaging between 16 and 17 knots continuous sen-goiug speed, but to attain this would require a great outlay for extra coal, &c., therefore it is proposed to limit the speed to an average of from 14 to 15 knots, ThiB will enable tho steamships to perform the passage from Brisbane, the last part of call in Australia, in between 1 9 and 20 days, a speed of 15 knots enabling tho voyage to be accomplished in 19 days. At Vancouver the magnificent Australian liners will connect with tho Canadian- Pacific Railway. After a six and a half days' run across tho Continent the train will meet the Atlantic liners at New York and cross to Liverpool or Southampton in six days, thus making the whole of the voyage in 32 days. This time will be fur ther reduced when the Canadian-Pacific Co. supplement their railway by a service of 21- knot liners from Halifax to Liverpool, which being 700 miles shorter than the route between New York and Liverpool, will reduce tho passage by an additional two days, and reduce the actual time from start ing from Great Britain to lauding in Aus tralia. or vice-versa, to 30 davs. The whole of this latter journey will be performed under tho British flag, as this is a great consideration with the majority of English people. Arrangements have not yet been qnite completed as to the subsidies which are to be granted by the Australian Govomments to the new service, but in response to a cable from the Canadian Government, im pressing upon Mr. James Huddart the necessity of making a prompt start with the service, it has been decided to despatch the steamship Miowera from Sydney on Thurs day, May 11, for Vancouver, via Brisbane and Honolulu, under the distinctive houso flag oi the Canadian- Pacific and Australian Steamship Line. As will be seen by a notice in our adver tisements, Messrs. Burns, Philp and Co. liavo been appointed tho agents of the line in Sydney and Queensland, and tho dctailsof the initiation of the service are that tho Miowera will leave Sydney on May 11, Brisbane May 13, and arrivo at Vancouver on June 3, tho passage thus being fixed to occupy only 19 days. The Worrimoo will leave Sydney on June 8, Brisbane on June 10, and arrivo at Vancouver ou July 1. The service will thenceforth be continued every four weeks, returning from Vancouver on June 8, .and on July 6 aud thenceforth every four weeks. The fates, including all Pacific coast ports, has been fixed at a moderate figure. A special feature iu the new service is the excursion terms for the World's Fair at Chicago, tho price of saloon return passage being fixed at £74. The following description of the steamship Miowera, the pioneer of the Australian- Canadian seryice, will prove of interest to our readers : — The Miowera is a Bieol Binglc- screw three-masted schooner-rigged steam ship of 3345 tons measurement, and 5000 tons dead weight capacity, with a speed on trial of 17 knots. She is built on what is 'known as tho three-deck grade, and has a long poop deck which extends over her engines and boilers, with a long topgallant forecastle, and a com plete syBtem of water ballast on the cellular double-bottom principle. Her decks are of specially-selected teak wood of more than ordinary thickness, and the strength of bile Yeuoci geuciuuy m mi iu caucss uj. utuyu O and the Board of Trade rules— the excop- tioual weight of the framing admitting of hold beams being dispensed with. Her fine lines, doable bottom and watertight com partments combine to make her a very suit able vessel for war purposos should any emergency cccur to render her services neces sary. She carries six large lifeboats (two of which are constructed of steel, and are prac- tioally unsinkablo), with a outter and dingey. She is lighted throughout by eleotricity, and carries a second engine in ease of the failure of the first, which supplies the installation, while there is a complete systom of eleotric bells all over the ship. Her dimensions aro Length between per pendiculars, 340ft.; length ovor all, 360ft.; breadth of beam, 42ft.; depth of hold, 28ft. She is fitted with engines of 4700 horse power, constructed, as were tbe steel boilers, by the WallBend Slipway Engineering Co. All the arrangements for tho dischargo of oargo are on the latest principle, the steam wiDohes, &e., being so arranged that cargo can bo taken in or put out almoat noise lessly, thus saving passengors groat discom fort, while a vory noticeablo feature is the height of tho bulwarks on her well-deck, which have been brought up to suoh a height that the water will be kept off, aud yot at the same time ventilation fully preserved. Tho whole of tho saloon passenger accommo dation is on the main deck, and is without doubt of a vory superior order, every pos sible care having been paid to fight and ven tilation, while ample bath accommodation has been supplied, together with an un- JlllJliau ouppij u liuou nruioti ana oaiuuu proper is a very handsome apartment, immediately under tho poop deck, whiio alley-ways run from it to the three-quarter poop, thus affording a perfect current of air right through on both sides of tho ship. The saloon is 50ft. in length, and its breadth extends the whole width of the ship, and is handsomely fitted up with carved oak paoels in polished frames in maplo and walnut woods. The berthing accommodation con sists of some 50 state-rooms, handsomely fitted and' equipped with patent spring mattresses, iron folding bads, couches, &c. The sanitary appliances aro perfect, the baths are all marble, each fittad with a showor, and there is an ample allowance of fresh water allotted to each, the ship carry ing an exceplionally largo number of fresh water tanks, besides being able to condenso upwards of 10,000gal. daily, Tho ladies' boudoir is charmingly fitted up, while the social hall is a special feature, decorated with hand-painted panels of satinwood, silk tapestry upholstery, and supplied with a magnificent piano, by Bechstein. There is a luxurious smoking-room. Tho second cabin accommodation is designed to carry 100 pasBengars, and is very neat and com fortable. The vessel is fitted with two refrigerating chambers — one for cargo and tbe other for ship's use ; so that meats, fish, poultry, fruit, &c., will always bo availablo at any oeaBon of the year. Captain Stott will rotain tho oommand of the Miowera, 