 AmaiifgOurleighbors INTERCOLONIAL CONFER ENCE. . - .A Meet In March. Matters to be Dealt With. Colonial Defence Question. Submitted to London. STRIKE IN ADELAIDE. Big Tenders Delayed. STORM IN SYDNEY. Railway Lines Damaged. A Premier's Resignation. By Electrio Telegraph.! Sydney. This Day. Chas. Smith, the man who on Boxing Night jumped from the gallery into the stalls of her Majesty's Theatre, was yesterday discharged from the hospital. He was afterwards brought up and committed for trial, being charged with having attempted to commit suicide by his rash act. Bail of £50 was allowed. A thunderstorm passed over Sydney yesterday afternoon, followed by rain which still continues. Thunderstorms and heavy rain are also reported to have occurred yesterday afternoon in many parts of the colony. Repairs are being rushed on with rapidly on the "Western line, and this morning at least 500 men are at work. iub damage is mucn greater man was expected, and it is feared through communication will not be established before Monday. Tbe Governments of New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia and Tasmania have agreed to hold a conference in Sydney the first week in March, for the purpose of dealing with questions arising under the Japanese treaty, undesirable immigration, federal quarantine, ocean lighting, and mili tary defence. It is understood the recent scheme of federal defence for mulated at the military conference in Sydney will be submitted to the Colonial Defence Committee in Lon don. Melbourne, This Day. The Legislative Assembly sat .until yesterday morning considering the Railway Bill, and after a division it was decided in favor of one city sta tion. The cost of the concentration of the whole of the suburban traffic at one place will involve the expenditure of £100,000. Adelaide, This Day. Mr Gordon, the Chief Secretary, has handed in his resignation. It is believed he took this course in conse quence of differences of opinion re garding the administration of the Adelaide Hospital, although it may be from private reasons. His resignation will considerably weaken the Ministry. The strike in the engineering trade continues, and 222 men are now out. Under these circumstances Messrs Martin and Co., at Gawler, have de clined to undertake the construction of ,.2 additional locomotives for the West Australian Government. 