 THE ALL-RED ROUTE. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 2G DAYS. Melbourne, October 30. On board the Union liner Haranui, wlnen arrived in the bay to-night, was Sir James Mills, the managing director of the Union Steamship Company, who has been absent for some time in Great Britain attending the 'conference of steamship owners. Dur ing his visit be has been making endeavors to have a faster steamship service insti tuted between England and Australia by way of Canada and New Zealand. There is every prospect, he says, of his efforts proving successful, and of the time for a through passage from - London to Sydney being reduced to 26 or 28 days. Sir James said the papers at home were full of articles urging the necessity of a more expe ditious service between Great Britain and Australia via Canada and New Zealand. He was not yet in a position' to say much as to developments in that direction, but it was already known that' a committee, appointed by the Imperial Government, was taking evidence in connection with the "all-red" service. Nothing would be done until that committee's report was placed before the Imperial Government, That might not be for some time. A syndicate of London financial men was preparing a scheme to lay before the Imperial Government for a fast service by the "all-red" route, both for the con venience of passengers and the more prompt delivery of mails in New Zealand and Aus tralia. The service would carry passengers right through from London , to Sydney in from 26 days to 28 days. The idea was to construct a railway across Ireland to Black Sod Bay, county Mayo, on the extreme north-west coast. A steam feny capable of carrying a railway train and its passengers bqdily would then be run to Black Sod Bay from a point in Scotland, which it was not at present advisable for him to name. Pas sengers from London could thereby be en abled to book right through to Black, Sod Bay without transhipment.. A fast service of up-to-date steamers would be established from there to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and from that place tourists and mails would I travel across Canada by an improved and fast thain service to "Vancouver. At Vancou ver they would embark for New Zealand and Australia on new steamers of a larger and faster type than those at present run ning from there. The costliness of the ser vice would essentially require payment of liberal subsidies. . ' Sir James said the Union Company were having four additional steamers built for the Pacific route. One of them, which would be of the same type as the Maranui, but about 1,000 tons larger—7,500 tons gross register—would be used in the present ser vice. She would have a speed of not less than sixteen knots per hour, and would .be launched about the end of October, 190S. If it was decided that tlie service should remain as at present another vessel of the same class would follow twelve months later. 