 OUR SYDNEY LETTER. A GREAT EMPIRE DAY.-TIHAT MUCH DEDATED QUESTION-TRIAL BY JURY.-STRANGE TALK REGARDING AUSTRALIA'S HIGH COURT.-THE 'INDEPENDENCE OF JUDOES.-GIV . ING SPACE TO AUSTRALIA IN LON SDON PAPERS.-A GREAT GRANDSON OF GOVERNOR KIING.. S SYDNEY, Wednesday. Empire Day'bad an added emphasis this time. May 24tdb is the anniversary of tbs birth of Queh Victoria, and this time the Imperial reunion ihad to consider eome thing more-that her son had just boeen laid in his tomb on which the wreaths wore dotyt yet faded.' The mighty linking foroe oef the Crown is reallesod by our demo cratlc interest In it. There Is such . a lackl of the sectional element an to takelit our first Imperial symbol. Emplro Day brings us together, but it ito under the Crown, and when we reflect we realtia that In no other way could we have the name feolltig 'of unity. But Emplro Day boleore yesterday was thought to appeal to the rising generation more thlan to their seniore. It was nocessary to imn press them withl the importance of their great inheritance and so faggs' woro brokbn and .the National Anthem sung, and adults went theolr way wltl a kIild of half thought for the annliversry and ianl Other 'feo their' busineoss or diversions. But the donath of the King gave this par tieular day an added .meaning. Empire Day appealed to the children In' the old way, betit alaso appealed to their oldorii who saw somcitllng in It of vast Import Ino to toile .rcc-a reminder of our slalonessof purpose and destiny, and our agreeooment to agres ill this whether we centest the ppinlt in othelor things or not. At no pirevlolis period, rpeelaklng for fSydnoy, has..the British ,foolig beeon so strong and all pervading, In days gone by youll could always find dissenters- some to tell you.tiat the British flag. was at political half stlaff, and otlhers to rail at the old institutlons; even to speak o1 the old'laid an forolign. You could have gone through this city yesterday searchinog for an antliImporlallst In vain.. You could hIlave looked for him among the privileged; and you could have loolod foe hlim among tle rankle and file; you could have looked for him anywhore: but you woltld not have 0fond himl. Who among our 'ancestore would ever have drelamed that.the Crownl would count for so mucllh? Tho Little Englandeor thoughlt thile Poses slons a soIrcoe of weiakness, bilut they are the strengthil of the old contultlon. Tilhe Crown still rests on its old grey pledestal, but it is supported in those dlays by the Posseselonso, which aecept It as thile firsl and greatest Ihlnk.ln Imperial lnlty. Thus the Possoesion alIt tlOa same time as thley gain strongth from tlhe Crown retullrn it, Great 'Britain with no Emplro might' find it posasible to got oIl with a locally elect ed president; wlth an Empire tulrning 400,000,000 pairs of eyes to the Crown' tle fact must be realised that it is thu greatest Imperial asset we, hIave, This, more or less, was In thei pulblie mind of Sydney yesterday, evidencing itself In' vnrious ways. Whohi Lord Meath estal - lIshed"Emplro Day he worlked better than his most sanguine friends imagined, We accept 'the anlveroary as our great family day; recogniling In each man, woman, and child a relation under the Crown, - ' The Liberal party here published some time ago, a' loneaflt jlstlifyling the trial of the strikelo lenders without a jury. Tilhe eases eltod could hardly hlvo the t5 dorseoment of a ]nwyier, as they deal with nminor offencese, not crimes, "A Judge ean colmmit a man to gaol for contemptl" Wlat .has.contempt to do will cerimo? "A magistrate. catll souteoneo na mIlan to so many months, otel" True, bllt not for n orimeo. A magistrate can give a man n sentence for getting drunk, for bogging in the streeoots, ole,, but what hlas tblis to do with thlo jury, system under the code of crime?, Mr. Wisen, In his famousll oplnloh,'sald that a certain Act' violated both Magna Charta and the ,Dills of Rights. Neither statute deeioes magla torial proceduro," but only ompha alsosee the, supromacy .o.. the.' Jury osystem, :in .; hargesa of a 'R crlml ndtl nature; '.and '. the ";Di11 of 'Rights,. whieh.has Imperill application, since It is by i atthat the KIng rolane-ad all law runs in' hle namo-doclares that any "uu usual, " mnl "unusulal, process In trials is altd shall remain Illegal, The very aehoal books tllnt 6u to ollr' chllidrell spoalt Ill the same way obool ncniatere give children a'bhosc by. Casoll and Co,, narrangeod Illn necordanae with the oduce tion codo," and'tllo writer has, one be fore Ilim :at tthils moment. Hlero is a quotatlon-?HiHatorY teachlius 'us: thlat tLOsO who hav.o great power, ,'whlther they bhaIing, meamboer of POrlialnat, or, working, mn;' will often' use their power to' injure those who' are weaker than ,themselves.. ' Over anid over again persons lll'e been put in prlson, and their libortyj taleon away.froel them by. oarod, bul .whlonever tlits\ hae boon done elduaseo.0 I'of itlagli',l Chiarta lsaa Iloell broltell . l Men: have boon plt Into prison by order ' of the. icing or tihe Jlou e of nComnmons toulrary to law, ... manla.shall he tried hy.llis peors, a jury ofi twelvb, who will 11ar10 tile sany:: whether ilhbo guilty: or Ilo ,ulllty,,' Aul ti hias. ieben :.dobatod .be toro,' but theo.Liberal party.hana anedo au: effort to show, that mLaglbtorlal proco dure' it' polioo couF t c.eas.s is a reason why: the0 jury l ystem slhould. =be'. ho t asideo Inr high erlm ]ual jurisdiction. : it will. be argluod, .porhaps,itb the ll law nvCOr' 'loiewed the strillo' 'leadors',an erlmlnals, any -more than 'tho peoplo. did, ]3ut a ,tnllorlrll ulttranco of a few days old, nas reporteld, refara to' thoe !men as oylinte" It inplona.it.to; notoei tlntt l, lrjaller does not onidornso tlio viewsv of M'tr; Board, M,.P Tbo*latterl Is reported an' having sald, thlat the ,o'alroral :lMarlamont woullll pis cartqn lnwiu , and If thle Ill lCoart uble~t~d.1a, *uoor..vlow-Parllamsllt would appal?' t ho pee plo or .power over.,the .judg'es, .'rh statemenlt is toollsh ,ono, as ,the judgs moreOly intelr prot thil laws na.pnosed it thle conastitl tilonal wvy, wiati theo Inlfrencle outsldo. of .tlhlis Is ,no one Can rightly say, ualoess It be that, In Mlr, Beard's Oiinioll, II judge's, positi all should be dependent onl hiswvlllingneoss to interpret the stnts ard laws ofl. lborty, rigllt, ald Justloe in acoordance. with thle Ministorial will of.the momoelt-othborwiao the will of the Crown. In thllt way the man lwho thinksl a hIe is ervilleg delolarauy's ilurpose takee us bIck to 'the darlsk ngo'. Jllldgo Joe froys only inteLrpreted t(e law. aIfter aIll, but he dill it Ih an extreme way to eult the will of the Pairllanmenlt of til mu monat Wlhlle it was identilulod wllt tiu will of the King., And with ~bht1 5 routllt?-the blalktct l. inao ll thi aldlinistrationl of Ilrltlsllh Jullsice, Thleoro Was anoLIther Colmlonwtalnlltl, Ilthlt ot Elili land, under Croluwoll, and the wntrsl lork that Olvor over lid llwan Jil 10s h work which whc e gatlhelr frolm Irl, laolrdl's relarirkl-hoi, wilt hi n Cotnnell of St1ate, started out to nlalhtoallo,,and then dictate to the colrlu l f the illand,. 11I1 It iL nt wlthlin the powlor of Australia to llalo0 the juldgesn thle servanllts of tlhe Crown, as tlhe Act of bottllement, by whc'llll thle Killeg rolgos, oxprosnly frIlbidn tlhe Crown' onll trol in ally way o0 ti jdllgon who ad mlnllutor 1,he 1 llg's Jlustico, N·othing more rovolutionary, in Its war., has over boon uttered tlhanll tl tllhrollt, which, it carred int' oeffact, wp'Ild do Iltroy thle independoneo of lthe Delhll, Wo lave roason to condemnl thile lsystemll of Iletilng ?justleouas; Iut whalt of a conditionl whloch would mnhe all Jndgett soting, that is, sabhoctl to dlmanlsal, dnlous pillanl in hlolir interprotations, elottor a thlollanllld jlludgelnollts in orrlr illn contellulo t1lan olll I ll Irrorl Ill corrlpl o nll olllf lllld, A jillal tnhks his anlll it} do liln dlty withvl ll feo r, fa[votr or nffeetlell, anld it, tlakoa hhinallt lls tIllmn to avtl leoIlting in nynlpatllily il orleo 9ldo or lh'o nther. IL is oinly by mlallkng him Iilndpetndent of (Crnwln Illld people tllhat '(lwe IstIrlU till cOllr IInW1 of J sl lt, 'iSO 11 ' w cal (insnl l this tilo tllit, ;hllko hlin a logal ,ansal; sald thle rmine might just s wll be torn fe his bahr, .?ow asnd gain ub, tontfr a adnt h aoain neehinshite people Lthact jud~es for thei tdo nte he. it is due to theior coaeientiouu insiattea n wclghing the las straw oin the lo ?ac, They Hgain attach l with i.nf a'cirett chen a Jeudgmeont is t voriace with thcih own idcu; but go into a court of law ,n" noate tho planstakng care of the ude, end hiets do?ro to do what is rithe tad liliae acrnutlou e' dlapierloentueee~ s everything. ?llly 0 judge reserveas jud. mcnlt soluely to st?lp on It, to wcligh Ith. I.ros iand cons again lnd agtain; soe. times, In fact, to pass sleepless hours to irrliv at an rhlt view, c ie is enabled to is tIle simply becauso ho ie beyond op. preach,. The Kiog cannot Intluence btei byna hair, and olther can the people. Ito admlnistere the King's lustice, hut in ran Imporsonal way, as the Crownv to him ii a symbol, no note the wosel--"agalnslt hl Crown and digolty., A It Is Instructive to go Into e nev . tage?cy-lf the fles are thore--and turn over any lute lot of English tlepaorsape Saowe years gtso you could hvo a waded through a Ihucndred columns, and not. found more thon in passing reference is Australta, No,,,, however, It 1s tuite dli. ferent, so that the feeling is of surplhle no less than of pleasure, to nota tie meount oa speco devoted to our attair., 'The writer weas going Over is lot a tew, datye ago,' and saw columns of Australtan news. Hl rentd It with eare to see it there were errors, which ciae should tie. mediately condemn as such; but no-tic repsrit ore excellent, anod all tie lacto familiar, In olse peler of notle there were five columnston Auotralia, citsh briel In. torvles Wciii leading Atstaitatan,, In .eondetn, a.nd i very siplrlte ladilng, artlolo as tCie question ce, ported; which wcas lucid, temperotc snai, on ties whole, convineing, it I pleaseing ta unto this, se It Ithoito that Weon ro gatting our just dues, Auistrali slhould nlyscep lo considered In the Is. poritl neas of Englanid, as we sire by tar ithe strongest arm In the way of E aplro which the old country hoe put forth. We have oite fauls, perhanp too many ol them, buit co are se groet and grorltog counstry for nil that, witih a condderul deotlnta. lTho buulnuas of the OP, Offfce fu grow. lug, always; growing. You can glance down the posting slfips,nnd ulomotlmtr. ac0 0 Bight, Os the basktots muy be pilet up ilk holll, Ond to ouch n0 extent au to caouse the top matter to only slido down a couplo of foot. No better prouo aof the immoseo amount of butlslnos dove could be provtrlorl than tn whlat hlnppenl at the Meolbourno' box on 0 loodny after. looln. ft was the spectnl box for the express, and It should have been open soamowhoro onr 50 po.m, or thllortnbouts, AL 5.30 it wn still closoed, and therro ere over a hundrod meoasongors waiting to post thoir corrouspdndonce. At .38 thu box dil opoll, and tfhen there were 00O struggling people to got theoir letters In, nnd a crowd attampttng to get Into a tholatre oil a popular nightt was nothing to it. Buslnaes at the Oeneral Post Oice is always briok, but .it taleo somethlog II1ke the forogoIng to show' what a tre. mondoun dumnid thoro 1s for postal fnclll. ties of the bhct class. C* , A notanble dopartura to Norfolk IsIans was that of Mr..J, L. King, S.M., anho sailed on board, the Cambrian on Monday, for the far-oft lalond, Mr. King i1 In. toreating to all,. bhiefly becanuse he Is at great grandfon of Governor King, The Governor won a lieotenant, in 1788, when Iho wont to Norfolk Island, to found a settlement, and heo tayead in control till 17Ui--olght yoanrs, VlWhilst comnoodnont of thI lanco, Lieuteoant Inlg became Ia. thir ot Philip King, who roso to be an admliral, and tile ndmlrnl's son, Mr, Charlo M'?Artlhur Kin, follaowed In due tlimon, as RIcsniddnt Maglstrato of Nor. folk lslantd. Mr. J. 1,. King fline the at. slnfaction, thorofore, of lnontlllg that his fnlathor wan che ohfo tohe Island, thit his I:randfathptr was born there, nnd that his groant grandfather founded (lhe etleto(l tl, Ilo rill arrive at hlain dotination Juast l! yoar from tf tlime of th founllditon, and ahould oasily be tihe most Intercstlng pouraon thoro, whilst ho remains. Govern, nor King came along wlth Philllp, and,' thorofore, bolongs to tiloe enrlilst oolll mont. Governor Philllp left for England in 1702, bt ans Lloutenant King wts at Nortfolk Island, he wona unable to oucceeod hlai. It wao Governor H1unter who sue. cotodod Phllllp, arriving ihero In 175h, and in,1800 Ib o rturned to Kllltnd and lilo hnvitic caomeaobaok' from Norfolk Inland, bocnmo third Governor of the aeitlement,. CIIROXO, 