 "COO-EE." How Australians Greeted The King. Royal Children Enjoy the Day. / THE SCENE ALONG THE ROUTE. : Sydney Visitors Get Splendid View. (From " The Sun's " Special Representative.) V LONDON, Thursday.- Contrary to the meteorological office's fore cast of fine weather for Coronation Day, the morning broke dull and gloomy, and King .George was crowned on a typical London day. " Showers Yell Intermittently during tho earlier stages of the procession, ibut. as) the booming of .the cannon, at St James's- Park announced the King's departure from "Buck ingham Palace the sky suddenly cigarod, and the sun shone out- on the thousands' and thousands, of people . gathered ; along ; the route. Hundreds of thousands- had waited all' night , to assure themselves of a' good place on tho line' of ..procession, and as the Royal coach progressed . there .was a long; thunder-- Ing, ceaseless cheer as the Royal party passed along the Mall towards Westminster, Abbey, where a privileged few had waited since 7 In! tho morning. ' ' " To 'Australians the spectacle was) a rather, disappointing-one. . .They, expected tho cere-- monles that took, place at tho. Inauguration of the Commonwealth to be surpassed, ) but apart' from .the. splendor of tho Royal equip-, ages, and the brilliant uniforms,; there ) was nothing, that Was ;ve'ry. far ahead of the cele brations .that marked the birth ' of a united Australia., ' - . .. AUSTRALIA'S . GREAT' TRIBUTE: On.tho line of procession Australia was offi cially represented by. a, detachment of blue-, Juckots, )\yho are undergurag a course, of na-1 val training at Chelsea, and by Major. G. W. Wynne's Cadets, who were stationed at the new Queen Victoria' Memorial, at the Buck-' lngbara Paluce oiid; of the Mall. As the- boys took up their, position they were accorded 'an extremely warm reception from the "crowds of 'sightseers, a section of the people singing "Advance Australia Fair" aa the ofllcera of the contingent inarched the lads into position, ' The stand on the Mali reserved for Now South Wales visitors was placed in an ex cellent position, and it ..was packed from early morn. . The people from Sydney who were in London had the best view possible of the show, The . gorgeousness of the Royal - coach, drawn by its eight gally-caparlsonod cream ponies, was a particularly interesting part of the entourage, and tho whole ensemble compelled instant recognition. Above tho roar and cheers could be heard a long drawn out, "Coo-ee," while loyal Australians waved Commonwealth flags and handkerchiefs) This scene was repeated as the vehicle passed in front of Australian State after State. ROYALTY AND AUSTRALIA. Their Majesties, by continuous bowing, specially acknowledged tho, warmth of the Australian greeting. The Queen was singularly composed and smiled radiantly, while the King was plainly impressed a 1th the gravity of the occasion. The young Royal children frankly enjoyed tho outing, and seemed to be getting just as much fun out of it as the crowd. The Frinco of Wales, however, was shy and somewhat nervous. Although tho pageant in the streets did not come up to the most sanguine expectations of the assombled millions, tho solemn and lm- pressfvo ceremony within Westminster Abbey was carried out upon a scale of magnificence that can never be forgotten by those who wore privileged to witness it. There wero many thousands of people with in the walls of tho world-famous building. : - Seating accommodation was provided in many specially erected stunds, and in gal leries that had been constructed for the occa sion. So complete wero tho arrangements that they Included special facilities for tho de spatch of press messages by telephone, tele graph, and cablegrams to nil parts of the world. There were hundreds of newspaper correspondents In the gallery reserved for their use — men of note In the newspaper world from every European country, many American centres, and the oversea domin ions. ... The scene was one of much brilliance, . tho peers of the realm) peeresses, and distin guished- foreign visitors all wearing the. robes, coronets, and - decorations of "their ranks and orders. And among those pre sent were many of tho most famous men and women .'of all nations. EARLY ON THE SPOT, The requirements of the occasion, necessi-" itated many of these people being at the Ab bey long beforo the ceremonies commenced, .and they had a tiring wait until the Royal cortege entered the Abbey- It was perhaps only natural that in pro viding accommodation for such u vast .con gregation it should have been impossible to so arrange that all should sro and hear the proceedings. Unfortunately the actual core- monies of , crowning their Majesties and arointing the King were seen by only the fow who occupied the foremost positions, and the words of the Coronation service and the oaths of office were quite inaudible to the majority. BA.OK AT THE PALACE. . After returning to Buckingham , Palace their Majesties came out to one of the bal conies, and Immediately they were recog nised' by the' populace' were greeted, with a. tremendous outburst .of cheering. The King and Queen repeatedly acknow-; lodged tho demonstration of loyalty, and the vociferous cheering lasted for more than a- quarter of an hour. , The scene of enthusiasm was one that has perhaps never before been equalled here or elsewhere. who was determined to see the Coronation procession. . At 10 o'clock yesterday morning she could be seen In St. James's Park making her way towards a spot that commanded a fine view I of the route along which the great pageant would come. That she had come to stay was evident , from the load of things under which aba struggled along. In one hand she carried a camp-stool, a kettle, and a spirit lamp, and in the other a hamper basket big enough to liold a week's provisions, while over her shoulder was thrown a heavy rug. - "Reaching the site of her "camp," she un- ' burdened herself of all her goods and chat tels, and with a sigh of relief settled herself down for a long and weary wait of nearly" thirty hours. . Hosts of other people followed, and at mid-' - night the parks were crowded with camp ers. ., (Continued on Pago 5.) V'.'T! . (Continuod from Pago 1.) "HT"! EXCITING INCIDENTS. ; - A RUNAWAY CHARGER. CROWDS BREAK THROUGH POLICE CORDON. ' LONDON, Thursday. While the procession was returning from Westminster Abbey there were several ex citing Incidents. i. ' Just before the Royal party passed across Trafalgar Square the dense crowds broke through the ranks of police who were keep ing the roadway clear for the procession. .There was a scene of wild excltment for some minutes, but the people were by no means In a vicious humor, and the police, who wero splendidly commanded, exercised ' conspicuous tact and judgment, . and ultim ately regained control without disturbing the progress of tho function. Near the Abbey a Life Guardsman's charger became restive and bolted with Its rider. It was stopped by a policeman, who, at the risk of his life, . rushed at the ex cited animal's head and probably saved many people from serious injury. The policeman was enthusiastically cheered by . the thousands of sightseers who witnessed ! the plucky act. An ambulance followed the processldn and rendered assistance to many persons who were overcome by the pressure of tho crowds. ' _ At Barnstable- the Coronation Arch on the . Parade collapsed. One person was killed . and six Injured. "Prom every block In the area In which the proceedings were carried on the detectives have reported "all well." ' v ; — 'j . i 