 TRISCO MAIL SERVICE. - — PROBABLE RESUMPTION. SYDNEY TO LONDON, iVIA AMERICA. 30 DAYS. Tbore is every possibility ot si resumption ot the Son Francisco mail servleo with Sydney. News was received yesterday trom San Fran-, cisco to tho effect that already steps havo been taken to continue the service, with tho steamers Ventura and Sonoma— tho two liners nuitiu wuiu tui uiauj' /caia oj nvti auwnu _ on tho San Francisco route. Tho Sierra, which is at present doing good work on tho San Fran cisco to Honolulu' and Tahiti servicoi may also take up the running in conjunction with the other two steamers. Tho proposal Is to make the service monthly, and tho owners, tho Oceanic S.S. Co., havo guaranteed a 30 days' mall service, via America to London. The roulo will bo from Sydney to Pago Pago (Samoa), and thence to Honolulu and on to San Francisco. New Zealand, It Is statod, will not bo touched at under tho new service. The Federal Postmaster-General bas already been notified of tho proposals of tho Oceanic S.S. Co.. and merchants and others aro taking a keen interest in the matter. &lt; Mr. John D. Sprcckcls, president of tho Oceanic Steamship Company, is optimistic over tho outlook for greater commercial activity. He said in tho course of an interview at San Francisco, just before the last mail left: — "The Ventura and Sonoma nrc to be mado ready at once for trade between tho port of Sun Francisco and tho other important -com mercial centres of the Pacific. Tho vessels have been idle for flvo yoars, but we believe there will soon be great opportunities for ships of this character and .wo are saving them re built at once so that we may bo ready when the time comes. A new era ot commercial de velopment Is about to bo ushered in. "With the election of James Rolph, Junr., which is prac tically assured, the confidence of capital will bo restored and shipping and trade of all kinds will receive a healthy impetus. Commerce that has noglected Sun.1 FranciBCO will be at tracted there, and we can expect a long pe riod of industrial peace and added prosperity." Mr. A. B. Spreckcls, vice-president of the company, is equally enthusiastic over the op portunities that are presented San Francisco in the opening of tho Panama canal and the r.ejuvonation of industrial life that is expected to follow Mr. Rolph's election. He said:; — . "With the confidence of tho Investing public in tho future of San Franeiseo restored through Mr. Rolph, a season of great activity in .ship ping and commerce can be expected. Tho .be ginning of San Fnricisco's new Ufo is at- hand, and wo want to take part in it." Advices received from. San Francisco yester day state that tho Oceanic S.S. Co. has let a contract at San Francisco for tho rcconstruc.-, tion and overhauling of tho Ventura and So noma, which will be mado ready for service i„ ...t .,««« fPVin vtrnrir will tlA Pfirplp.l1 ftllf. eariy iiuxl jcai. , — z at the shipyards of tho Union Iron Works, otK San Francisco, and will call for an cxpondi- ture of three-quarters of a million dollars. Tho two ships havo been lying- idle in San Francisco Bay since the winter of 1906. Pre vious1 to that they had been in tho Australian mail service. Work on the vessels will be started Immediately, and. In addition to a general overhauling, oil-burning apparatus will be installed, along with - tanks ot sufficient fuel capacity to carry the vessels half-way round the world. When completed, states the San Francisco advices, the Sonoma and Ventura will be, through their oil instal lation and contemplated improvements, even . bettor than when tbey were first built, 10 years ago. The Sierra, which is at present using oil fuel, frequently reols off 17, Vi knots per hour, and the Sonoma and Ventura, when reno vated, aro expected to do equally- as well. 