 'Frisco Mail Service. PRQBABL.B RESUMPTION. SYDNEY TO LONDON, VIA AMERICA, 30 DAYS. There 1b every possibility of a re iumptlon ot the San Francisco mail service with Sydney. News waB re crfvsd yesterday from San Francisco to the effect that already steps have teen taken to continue the service, with the steatters Ventura and Son oma—the two liners which were for many years so well known here on the fifth Francisco route. The Sierra, which is at present doing good worja on the San Francisco to Honolulu an Tahiti service, may also take up tire tunning In conjunction with the other two 'steamers. The proposal Is to make the service monthly, and the owners, the Oceanic S.S. Co., have guaranteed a 3» days' mall service, via America to London. Hie route wl't be from Syd ney to Pago Pago (Samoa), and thence to Honolulu .and on to San Francisco, New Zealand, it. Is stated, will not be touched at under the new service. The Federal Postastmer-General has al ready been notified of the proposals of the Oceanic S.S. Co., and merchants and others ate taking a keen Interest In the matter. Mr. John D. Spreckles, President of the Oceanic Steamship Company, is optimistic over the outlook for greater commercial activity. He said In the course of an Interview et San Fran cisco. Just before the last mall left:— "The Ventura and Sonoma are to be made icady at once for trade between the port of San Francisco and the other Important commercial centres of the Pacific. The vessels have been idle for five years, but we believe there will soon he great opportunities for MiIiib of this character, and we are having them rebuilt at once so that we may be ready when the time comes. A new era ot commercial development is about to be ushered in. With the election -of James Rolph, Junr., which is practically assured, the confidence 1 of capital will be restored, and ship ping nn4. trade of all klndB will receive n healthy Impetus. Commerce that lias neglected San Francisco will be at tracted there, and we can expect a long period of Industrial peace and added prosperity." Mr. A. B. Spreckles, Vice-President cf the company, Is equally enthusias tic over the opportunities that are pre vented, San Francisco In the opening of the Panama canal and the rejuven ptinn cf Industrial life that is expect ed to follow Mr. Rolph 'a election. He Bfclfl: "With the confidence of the Invest tng public In the future of San Fran cleco restored through Mr. Rolph, A at-asun of great activity In chipping and commerce can be expected. Tt»© bostoning of San Francisco's new 11to is at hand, and we want to take part In it." Adviccfi rccelvod from San Franclsc# yesterday state that the Oceanic S.S., Co. has lot a contract at San Franctscfl for the reconstruction and overhauling of the Ventura and Sonoma* which will be made, ready for service early n?xt year, The work will ha caJTtett out at the shipyards of the Union Iron Works, of San Francleco, and will call for an expenditure of three* quarters of a million dollars. Th«&lt;« two ehlps have been lying idle In Son' rtanclseo Bay since the winter cB 1506. Previous to that they had beetf, in the Australian mall ssrvtce. WorK! on the vessels will be started imraed latfllv, anfl, In addition to a generaJ overhauling1. oH-ftrarnlne apparatus* be tofl'.nlled, along with tanks oC suffic'tot fuel capacity to carry th« vessels hnlf-wav round the world-n When completed, states the San Fran cIpco advleps, the Swiofua and Ven tura will be, through their oil Instal lation and contemplated Improvement*, pven bettor than when tbev were first I'vPi, 10 years ago. TTie Sierra, wh'ch &lt;s nt nre*ant nalng oil fuel, fere ni'^ntlv r^pls off 37% Jrnots per hour* and the Sonoma and Ventura, when renovMed, are expected to do equally as well* I 1 — 