 AUSTRALIA V. ESSEX — * — SECOND DAY'S PLAY. VISITORS' HUGE SCORE. SYDNEY CHAMPIONS' RIVALRY. MACARTNEY iOS. UARDSLEY 1S-I (NOT OUT). LONDON, May 14. ' The match was resumed in bright sun shine, the wicket was good, but the attend ance only moderate. Uuekenham and Mead were (lie bowlers. Gregory reached bis half-century in 70 minutes; and lie continued to bat cleverly. May lie increased his score by driving' and B cutting, I. lie lauer buokus ik-hik particularly I good. 'J'lie Son Hi Australian, when -)!), gave I an easy chance to Pen-in at third slip off I Douglas' second ball. The century ap I poured in 7.1 minutes, and Mnyne went to 50 3 alter Sii minutes' play. Gregory, when 71, 1 was easily caught at second slip by Bucken I limn off Douglas. Mis runs were made in I Iif) minutes by fine, all-round batting. Mis I wore included six fours. 1 — 71 — 1!M. I At this stage Mayne, who was 5li, was I partnered by Macartney. Mayne, however, I did not long survive bis captain, being bowl ? ml with a line ball from Douglas, when lie I was ,'iS. He had been batting ir-.r- minutes. I o_r|S_i:i(|. , I Hardsk'.v joined Macartney, and at the I luncheon adjournment the latter, by fine, I all-rouiKl ba'.linK, had placed I) 1 to bis cre ( illt, and Hai'dsley was 120. The Glebe bats t ._ i ? ,,,. t.ml.'iifl /W\l- fl/1 rt»l (Wl - i man . lujwi'vi.i, Kiiitcu uiiiiiih.(h.^, I After lunch tho attendance increased to j 4000. The howlers worn Douglas and Huck I Mihum. I ' Macartney continued to bat in brilliant fashion, and he hit 11 off ono over from llucliCMihani. The vi.silors passed the Kngliah j men's score in tin* llrst. over afler the re sumption of play, their innings up to that [ point having lasted lit) minutes. The second [ century was registered in J B0 minutes. ! Hatting vigorously the. two Sydney ehiun ; pioiw imt on another century in 50 minutes. Macartney, by super!) all-round play, reacb od his llrst ii0 in -i- minutes, and got. 10 more off one over from Huekenhnm. At 72 he gave nuckunhiun a chance off his own howling, bin the bowler spared the batsman to continue the attack on his average, and the century was reached hi l-'O -minutes, llardsley, by (lover driving and log bit ling, reached his 50 in (-'- minutes, and di rectly al'ler, at Til, gave (ilbson at I be wic ket a chance off Kuckenham. lit also reach ed his century in 1:20 minutes, with Ihc score at two wicicets ai 'iio. um iusi niumiuu runs had been rattled up in -10 minutes, and the bowling was completely mastered. When the. tea adjournment took place the score stood at liiO for two wickets. Macartney was at ISO, bavins at 172 skied a ball to the long Held off Carpenter in Freeman's neighbourhood. Hardsloy, who bad boon doing no mo neat cutting, was :il 1'7. After ten, liucknnham and Douglas took up the seemingly hopeless attack. The bats men went on somewhat, steadier, but the ,'00 appeared on the board after 2f)5 min utes play. Directly after the long partnership was lirokon up, as Freeman niiido a weir indeed catch at long-on, dismissing Macartney off Russell's howling. Mncnrlnoy'i ?s(-(':-- °r 'JOS, wliit-li was characterised by masterly driving, ciiltinp;, and leg-hill inn. was eoni pilod in 20') minntps' play, and included two sixers, twenty-six fouih, live throes, and A) !-'s. Onlv one chance uns given to a holdsnmii s lmiuls. The West Mait hind unlive was loiidlv clieered us ho retired to the pavilion. uitn nnc of the (must scores compiled by an Aus trnlinn on Knglish wickets to liis credit cm the scoriiiK-lioiird. wbicli i-iiowed the great lieaies -,i' I!— 208- f)01 . Tlio nni-lni-vslini. which had yielded U02 runs, bad occuived 10u inimiteK. ft Jennings filled the vacancy, and when the % stumps were drawn, without Hie loss ol nil ' citlicr wicket, had si-nrcd '20 by styliHli play in -t5 minutes. Unrdsloy was at 18-1 W i- j» mimites, by splendid cricket, inarretl by only one chance. The lingo scow of CO I runs had hoeu compiled in !11f) lninutet. Scorns: — KSH10X. First rnuiiiKs ? K'2 AUSTHALfA. ? First Innings. S. K. Gi-cBoi-v c. Huckenlinm, I) Douglas.. r,l 10. K. Mayne, b Douglas ? ,??;;??'?;,? ona 0. 0. Macartney, c Kropninn, li HuhspH. 208 W. Hanlsley, not out ? ?? i*'} C. I), .lennings, not out .« ? fJJ Sundries hi ? _}j_ Threo wickols for ? CO'I Stamps drawn. Himlsloy and ^laeartnoy's 302 lor U»- third wicket comes sixteenth in tho list of long mio-wickct partnorsliiiib, . tbo first of AViueh is tm\ for first wickot, J. T. Hruwn i)iul .1. l|i» liiclilto for Yorkshiro v. Dorbybliiro. U is tho second for Australian batsman. Hie Iirst heinn .128 for sixth wicket, W. W. Armstrong and XI. A. Nolilo for Australiii v. Stissox (it Brighton in 1002. It exceeds by spvoii runs the line partnership of Hnrdsloy and Hnnsforcl nKftinst the snine team at the hiuho pluoo' in the lust .tour, Wlien Hardsloy nuitlo 210 and Tlnnsford 17'l, and tlio innings wiih closed at 'i(li) with six wickets down, Armstrong and Macartney being Hie not-out bntNinen with M and' -IB, respeclively, to tboir credit. Ibe match was drawn, greatlv in favour of tbo visitors, TCssex scoring 1«I8 and nine wiokots for (l-l-l, and history scoiuk likoly to ropoat it self nn this occasion, unless Gregory deelnreH not In tin- thnn liiiicli-timo io-dnv, ««u- ™c TCsspx bnlsnioii provo as easy to dispoHo nf us in llin first innings, whieli is nnt very prob-i njilo for such a strong batting ton in. Pornn, 'iliiiiRlinm, and Fane, who topped the county averages last year, will make desperate olfovtB to atone for tlioir failuroH to get into doulilp flRiires in tho, first innings. »——' ?? ' — 