 MUMMER MEMOIRS. (NO. 225-— BY 'HAYSEED.') MISS BEATRICE BAY — FROM TEX 'ERA' — AN AUSTRALIAN AO TRESS AS MBS. QUICKLY AT THE LONDON PRINCESS'S — MRS. WXNSTANLEY'S SUCCESS WITH CHARLES KEAN — COZ» PXH ARB W AM STANLEY NEIGH BORS IN 1844 — PITT-STREET EST THE EARLY FORTIES — JOE SIM MONS GIVES AN INTRODUCTION — SOME INTERESTING ITEMS — GEORGE TAWCETT IN 'LITTLE EMILY' — BEAT3I, IN 1369, OF | FRANK HOWSCfN, AT OMAHA, j U.S. — SYDNEY PANTOS IN 1663. Another in my group of 'Era' portraits is 'Miss Beatrice Day — who has 311st re turned from Australia iil'icr a succcssiul i-our (the hrst), where she appeared wild Miss Pat-lie Browne s company as h el ice m 'The Little Minister,' Barbara in 'Sweet Nancy,' Adelaide in Tier Good Name, a one-act drama by Bernard tspinassie, &u Australian author — made her lirsL. appear ance in the production of 'Faithful dames.' An understudy part in 'La Tosca* at the Garrick followed, and then a tielighuul year at the liaymarkcfc with Mr. Beerbohm Tree during the run of 'The Dancing Girl,' at the close of which she joined Mr. Alfred Maltby's company, in which she toured lor ten months, playing many leading roles, and creating- -the part of iCuth-Laumer in Mr. Charles Thorite's 'Scareerpw.' A tour with Mr. JSille Norwood's 'Noble Art' com pany followed, and in 1893 Miss Day com menced a lengthy tour With Mr. G. W. Garihornc, playing Mi's. Macdonald in 'Im pulse/ Olive in 'Ihe Colonel.' Jeiuiy in the 'Queen's Shilling,' Dorinda in 'T'he Money Spinner.' Subsequently Mr. Willie Kdouin, also of much Australian fame, engaged Jier to play Miss Diction in 'Qwong Hi' -at t he Avenue Theatre, and later many special weeks as Marjory in 'Our Flat,' &c. A short engagement with Mrs. Sara Lane at, the Britannia Theatre, lioxton, made her many friends and admirers for her pathos in the roles of melodramatic heroines, not ably those in 'The White Rose.' 'Hocdnian Blind.' 'The Cotton King,' Ax.' The por trait is from a photograph by Talma, ' Mel bourne. ^ It may not be generally known thai, Aus tralia has produced a lady who played Mrs. Quickly in 'The Merry Wives of V» indsor' to 110 less a personage than Mr. Charles Kean, and in that gentleman's famous com pany, when he was producing fchakespcoie with great spectacular effects^ at the Frin I cesses Theatre, Loudon. The lady was Mrs. Winstanlcy, who, in the thirties and lorries, played in Sydney in such theatres as then existed. As' the play-hcu-cs were not al ways open then, as they arc now, Mrs. Winstanlcy engaged in business in her 'spare lime.' She kept a tobacco and sr.ufl shop in Pitt-street, about where cunning ham's printing shop now is. ar.d ncar wlieie George Coppin kept the Clown ^ lavern. which stood where Bammum's Cafe now is. Mrs. Winstanley and Mr. Coppin were neigh bors there in 1344. Sulv-equcntly Mrs- iu ! Stanley moved into King-ctrceK about, op posite 'Truth' and 'Sn.'irisman ' offices, anc. later yet she .opened a public-hcusc. I he Nag's Head, in Pitt-street. 011 the cast side, near Park -street. File had two daughtc:s on the stage, oiie the wife of Mr. 01' labor- ty, a member of the Victoria 1 hcatrc or- ; cnestra, and the other ihc wile of Mr. Ximines, who was also employed at ihe , 'Old Vic.' Mrs. Winstanley, with n letter of introduction from Mr. Joe Simmons (an j ~1J trtnnnrrisr 171 SvtlnCV) 1-0 Mr. ' Charles Kean, went to London, and was , immediately enrolled in the Princesses com- j pany. As Mrs. Quickly slic was considered good' enough for enrolment in a Pflhery of . theatrical portraits published in tlm fifties in Connection with a very fine edition ot : Shakespeare. Others who subsequently be came popular in Svdney are there also I G V. Brooke, McKcau Buchanan. Wiluam; I Creswick, William Hoskins. Fred Young, , land many others. Mrs. Vinstanlcy was ( ' also a writer of some note. In addition to j I writing for 'Bow Bells' and other periodi- j cals. she wrote 'Shifting 'Scenes. m'Thea-^ ideal Life' and 'Twenty Straws, a tale ? of fiction and fact in connection with Syd ney Harbor. Mrs. Winstanlcy returned to Australia, and died in Webb-slrcct, Fitzroy, Melbourne, 22nd June, 1867. A correspondent has sent a 43-year-old ' cutting, which contains at least three items ? interesting to old Sydney playgoers. One, 'Operatic and Dramatic,' tells me that in telligence had reached Melbourne that Ma- 1 dame Lucy Escott had bedn engaged by j Herr Maretzek for the Italian opera sea- 1 eon in New York. Mr. Stephen Massett j had been giving his popular entertainment ] to the Bainta at Salt Lake City. The 'Ang- lo-Australia' of the 'European Mail' said: —George Fawcett had appeared at the Olympic in Andrew Halliday's dramatised version of Charles Dickens' 'David Copper field.' The title of the drama is 'Little Lin'ly.' John Winlerbottom (he ot the big basscon), another, old colonial favorite, had charge of the orchestra at the Olympic. Lentous Australian pupils continued their prosperous career at the Amphitheatre, Clarence Holt aiid his daugtycr were play ing at Astley's tor a few nights, Madame Celeste was at the Surrey, which was un der the management of Mrs. Charles Pitt. Ludy Don had finished her Plymouth en gagement, Sarah and Carry Nelson were in Scotland, doing remarkably well in bur- ' lesque. Alfred Neleon was on the regular stail' of the Queen's. Again: 'Death of Mr. F. Howson.— The 'Omaha Daily Herald' of the 18tU Septem ber (1863) last reports the 'death and Ma conic funeral of Mr. Frank liowson, the well-known vocalist, the brother of Madame Albertazzi, ami. father of the Misses Emma and Cielia and Messrs. Frank A. and J. Jerome Howson, wiio composed the well known Howson -Opera Troupe. Deceased was 52 years of age. and came out to Aus tralia in 1642, and was for upwards of 20 years a conspicuous member of the musical profession in these colonies, where he had been associated with Miss Catherine l^ayes, Madame Anna Bishop, and Lady Don in the production and performance of operas and oprcttss. About three years ago (ioyo he sailed, with his family, for California, where lie and they were eminently success ful. While in San Francisco, be was at tacked by illness, and was proceeding by easy stages across the continent to New York in order to obtain the best medical advice, when he recei\ed the 'fell arrest' of death.' ? The third is a local par: — 'The Theatres. — No matter how much places -of amuse ment lack patronage during, other days of the year, Boxing Night is always a lessee's benefit. -Last evening proved no exception to the rule. At the Prince of Wales' num bers were wailing admission _ long before the doors opened, and hundreds were after wards turned away. The farce, 'A Silent Woman.' was admirably played; Mr. Hos kins as Mcslou was irrcsistably funny. Miss Colville also played 'Marianne with great spirit, as did Mr. Hasher in the character of Mr. Sandford. The pantomime' followed, and gave rise to expressions of hearty ap probation from all parts of the house — scen- ery and stage effects, acling and harlequin ade. all shared in the applause— llie juven iles, Blar.ihe and Albert, being among the most i'avoreu recipients. The surprising manner in which Blanche took the part of the Merry Monarch, and her singing, fully deserved all the applause she received, and her brother was hardly less fortunate. The libretto oi the pantomime, printed in book form, was supplied at. a nominal price, and was much appreciated. — At. the Adelphi the panlcmimc produced on Friday night was repeated. It is produced with some ^ ad mirably painted scenery by Messrs. Wilson and llcbbs. who, in their department, have left nothing undone that can aid in attract ing large audiences.— T,he Nathan Family repented their entertainment at the School of Arts, and obtained a fair anionnt of patronage. Little Marion displayed her wonderful versatility, and was repeatedly cheered. (To be continued.) On November Itlrd, the 'Tareo Pony ?Club holds n mooting. -A- programme of half :i dozen races will be played out. Mir.s Noni hopped out first in 1 he 14.1 Handicap, and that was virtually the end of ;ho. race. She is a good bred 'un, being by Ren Francisco (Imp) from Ale rnene, a mare that did well when racing1. Vnrrum footed it for a good part of the mile in tlm Welter Handicap on Sat urday, but he failed to run the trip out. About three-quarters of « mile appears to be the bngth of his tether. But for running very wide in the 14.0 Handicap at Kensington last week, .Toy would have been a lot closer to the win ner (Sir Moorefiold) than she was, though she bad no chance of beating him. At the Corowa Show meeting. Jockey Higgins steered three winners. His wins were on Mentlie, in the Maiden Plate; Abandoned, Show Handicap; and Fancy Step in the Flying Handicap. The next meeting of the Kembla Grange Racing Club will take place on the 24th Inst. The principal item on tap is the Epsoni Trial of 100 sovs., the distance being seven furlongs. 