 NEW STEAMSHIP LINE. AMERICAN' PROPOSAL. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26 DAYS. LARGEST STEAMERS IN THE PACIFIC. . 'Considerable interest has been aroused in shipping circles regarding a proposed new line of trans-Pacific steamers, by means of which passengers and malls from Sydney could reach London nearly a week earlier than is possible by the present route, via Italy. The proposal, says the "Sydney Morning Herald," has emanated from Sir. James Hill, the American railway magnate, and chairman of the board of directors of the Great Northern Railway system. It is said that it is Mr. Hill's intention to order four powerful passenger steamers, and place them in the trans-Paclflc service to connect with tbe Hill system of railways at Seattle. These steamers are to be larger and faster than anything at present running between Sydney and America. Seattle, which 'is the terminus of the Hill railway systems, is to be the port of call for the new line. It Is intended that the speed of the new steamers shall be such as to enable them to cover the Journey between Sydney and Seattle in the short period of 16 days. By the aid of the fast railways in America and the speedy Atlantic liners on the other side of the continent passengers would' be landed in London 25 or 26 days after leaving Sydney. Besides being of great tonnage, the vessels are. to be fitted up In the most luxurious style in order to attract the passenger traffic, Mr. Hill has been closely associated with many railway, and steamship ventures in, the past. In 1878 he organised a syndicate which secured control of; the St. Paul and ' Pacific Railroad from the Dutch owners of the securities. He re-organlsed the system as:the St Paul, Minneapolis, and. Manitoba Railway Company, &lt;and was its general manager from -1870 to 1882, vice-president 1882-S, and president 18SS-90. It afterwards became part of the Great Northern Railway system, In the building of which-Mr. Hill took part. This extended from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, with northern and southern branches, land a direct steamship connection with China and Japan. He was president of the entire Great Northern system from 1898 to 1907, and then tiecame chairman of the board of directors. Many people go through life seeing as through a glass, darkly. Tney are half blind and do sot know It. Their eyes never picture the world as It Teally 1b. personb are tremendously handicapped compared with their keonvlslonod" neighbors. Are you one ot unfortunates? If so, you cannot to remain thus If your condition Is at all remediable. o»s ma & call I will advice you.. Nowham Waterwortb, Consulting Optician. 69 Elizabeth street, Hobart, and 121: Charles Etreat, j itrtf •" >J'- •". • ' 