 NEW STEAMSHIP LINE¡ _0_ERIC_VN PROPOSAI;. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 28 DAYS. L'AKGEST STEAMERS I_T THE PACIFIC. Considerable-interest has been arousod-in shipping circles regarding a proposed now line of trans-Paeitlo steamers, by means of which passengers and mnils from Sydney could reach London nearly a week earlier than' is possible by the present route via Italy. Tho proposal has emanated from Mr. James Hill, the American railway magnate, and chairman o£ the board of directors of the Great Northern Railway system. It is said that It 1b Mr. Hill's intention to order four powerful passengor steamers and place them in tho trans-Pacific service to connect with the Hill system of railways at Seattle. These steamers are to bo larger and faster than anything at present running between Sydney and America. Seattle, which is tho terminus of the Hill railway systems, is to be the port of call for tho new line. It is intended that tho speed of the new steamers shall be such as to enable- them to cover the Journey between Sydney and Seattle In the short period of 16 dayB. By tho aid of the fast railways in America and the =_ieedy Atlantic liners on the other sido of the continent passengers would bo lauded in London 25 or 26 days after lea»rtng Sydney. Besides being of groat toniiago the vessels are to bo fitted up in the most luxurious stylo in order to attract the passenger traine. Mr. Hill has been closely associated with many railway and steamship ventures in the past. In 1878 - he organised a syndicate which secured control of tho St Paul and Pacific Railroad from tho Dutch owners of the securities. He reorganised tho system as tho St. Paul, Minneapolis, and Manitoba Rail- way Company, and, was its general manager from 1879 to 18S2, vice-president 1882-3, and president 18S3-30. It afterwards became part of the Great Northern Railway system, in the building of which Mr. Hill took part. This extended from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, with northern and southern branches, and a direct steamship connection with China and Japan. He was president of the entire Great Northern system from 1893 to 1907, and then became chairman of the board of directors. 