 SYtfUEY REMair THRILUW6 EXPERIENCES. SEVERAL DAYS WfTHOUT FOOO. OITTTNO FEOM ITALY -TO LOHDOM. A ntlErTDLT OEKHAN. An interesting letter has been recelTod (ram Miss Mm Hands, - rt.id.Kt oi Dahrica HUL ?who iritk aer mother ast been on a trip to Europe. The letter, «Wci W dated Aacaet (. and arrived by the Entllsi mill ywteTdiy, re lates eome exerting experleoces the two had la eettlni Cresn Italy to l*odoa. 'We sad a bom enjoyable alay In Parl», Sarltierlaat. KJlu, and Venice,' write* Miss Hands; '%ut the engine I hue to think about. Our axperlencee were too territle. J; men tioaM. In osr laa* tetter arar wai 4eela»d *e-- twecn Aoatria ant Berrta, trot nrrar took It seriously; went on enjoying ounetns; oooMnt read the capon: *ll lullu; to really 414 sot know how serious It m. Well, our time wae mo lut Baturdar, and we hat to fo to Bruutl. to (pent » few (Ut.. Lett Milan l.M p.m. The train waa crowde4, aud we lonllnt get ? ?eat. Etui then we okint thlek ot the war till a (rntleman who coull apeak a little En» Ilih eurted to Ulk, and when he told me !-ow ?eriom thlnaa were, we tiarlT vent on our head.. Oor train waa the lut paulng throuta nalMndlbiKuU beboldvpatBaoel. Well; we could not apeak anjr lltmatM, acd all *.he monrr w« had wae £« eheoosa— oo good. We h-4 «11 our war paid throrfh the Polrttcbi.?. and Ihcr would cub onr cheques: tut .loce the war hftd been declare! no coll, rnlr piper monrr. and that Til an E'X-- «'« could qet no urtvl.r rhat to do. Tile traiu wai In a ilrriiiriil state -.-l 'irtloiwi t. \\\ tbc trhlo tinea «-T( cuaMrd o'leo lOldlcrf. I'd erf'r tblnt «. In rndiaej« fo' war. ? ?I went ill throuih the train to try and Ond out the ctEt thini to do. but rould not, «-- ? lien «f «rrlvrd at Lucerne, I0.» p.m.. I got out or the train and ran up and dox-n int, autlnn trrlnx to find aomeone to advtfte me. I ««? ? Cook 'a man, but could not let Deer htm; h« **a surrounded with people. You rouldn't realUe tbe eioiument. t putbed througb an-) told blm mother and I wer* triTelllnc -lon». ?o hr aald p-t off at onre.and atir at Lurernc to-nlfbf. and Iry and net on In the mornlnt The train -?? luat about to leaTe, and «e lual had ttme to get our luggage out; we then go1 a rnnvryanr' and drove out to Potr CnaieO. Fcrberg. nhout four mllei out of Lurrrne. When we arrived then the loUlero bed taken tb ?nd adclKd in to leare «nt tblnc In tbe morning. We ronldn't raah a cheque, but tber cave ui SO. in Swlaa noner. Well, we got -' Wt about 12 o'clock, but couldn't sleep, an' were up at E a.m. They took u. arrou to the pTmlon In tbejr launch, and we caugnt a ^raia but nnlT went on a couple of hours when wr ? ere held up at BaKl In another Hi. We had to tn bark to London eomehow, bo rouldn't tire m. All wr had w« £1 and 3»a Swlae moner. and - ould not get a rbeque cashed After n Ion* ll»f wr fouDit a guiM who roulc' ?peak » lltll* Rntllah. and asked him to heir us. lie said there were no more trains from mere, ana we wnuia nave to anve \o tne rron tier. All the town was excitement, soldier), orerrwhere. The guard found a drar and wf had to ait on our luggage. We arrlrcd tberr and had to pass the soldiers, and saw all the trees rut, blocking the way: trenches dug. and everything In readiness. We hid the luck (e get past: had to then walk miles. Arrived *.(' a rery urn all sutlon. couldn't get a train t' Brussels, and nobody rould speak English. Af little KntlUh. and edvlied us to buy tlrkj-tt la Msnnhelro. Our tickets were no good! so then we storied to pay our little bit of mono? nt». Thai 101k .ill our Sirlu mono? Aiyhnn-. w rx-iTl,t that train. -ni -:- went all Ihrougb ricrmnny— abiDlutely thr worst move »-e rnuld hiivr taken. But we couldn't get bock »nv other »»r. »o It was t cast o( do or die. We only went on a little way and were put out araln. On this atatlon the Germans were ripturlcg the English people. We tad « little German with us and he said not to talk and be would gel us on the train. A train came Along mod I found aoaeone who could speak English, and they aald get on; we wen pushed In like cattle; no eeal-. no vlndnwr open. It n-as dreadful. We nearly colUnRcri The train was full of German., and we wen afraid to speak. We went on till 7 o'clock like cattle, with rot a bit to eat or drink r really thought we would die. We nrrlred at again. tol fcarttehlus -™ arrived at Hannhrim. ' wi picked up anolber little German, jind h- .„! »l»ed us to take a ticket to Men, then le l.uiembouri:. He aald he would uk- u- -;oi out at ^fannbetm, and found an thf c:iy In dirkneas. We took the train to another station. The train was In darkness, sn.l wben we arrived at the sutlon we bonght Uu more tickets fer tteta. Test left us ft We got In tke train, and then went along to und out If we were doing the right thing. We met a couple more Germans, but could not make them understand, «o had to write down the words. They understood a little, and eaM Tor God's sake don't ga to lieu and Luxem bourg: tnvy ju-e nrbtlms.' Ifae German was try ing to tell me what to do, tut could noi under stand. He evto got a reap, and t7*ed Us best. Anyhow, we got off tha train, ui '? Implored them not to leave us, and U'r t^ rfo something lor u*. We hadn't f lloogu' tatimT to buy tickets to get back, ao they took us io the head BUtlonmaste.r. who couldn't speak Knc:i«b. All ihe lied Cross sunet were there with toui'keM of water and %aadaa;ea. They found a nurse wbo could apeak a little Ens il»b The soldiers opened our ault cases, pulled everything out, and searched us. Tb-? nurse told the rtatlonmaaler we had no mon'r. and he put us on a train for Holland. 1 v.,ii have no Idea what It waa like: all tb» ni:i;.,-n busy preparing; sweethearts, wlvrs. . lill Inn, all parting. It was a dreadful Mcht. We were starving. Two American* not on tke train and gave til two little bUs i,f bread and a drink of water, and they bought a imnana lor n franc, and we had half oa o. We looked terrible, anil had been going n:u'.' Saturday without a Bleep or food. They haJ friends on the train trying to get to London, an they found tbem. and asked them to stuk ? ?«'?? nrrivd .- Holliiii, and caught nUt lutely the last boot acrosi. t vas p*cked. »nd led ul midnight on Monday evening, cr 'If we had not vol back to Y..i-V u we w.#t-lj hnrc starved. We v.ero golnj to offer our Sflvea as nurses, us »c thousht It bett-.- than l,elnr taken prlronTs. We «.-re golnr frjm Sjlanlsy until Tui-sday, with notl'log :n ,M. ,„'„'„ |n Germany and she said she wo'iM ,rnd thrm 10 Australia. We ntver eip.-..ted in rc.n'h London, and thought wo noild l)e t:,k..n prisoners or die of sUrvatlan.' 