 SWIFT OCEAN VOYAGES. SAN FRANOISCO ROUTE. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26 DAYS. OOEANIC COMPANY'S AMBITION. An important change in its present time schedule between Sydney and San Francisco -hds been announced by the Oceanic Steamship Co. It will take effect on June 6, the Sonoma being do spatched.on that date, instead of on May 30. After .Tune 20 the company's steam ers will depart every 20 days. The Oceanic Company lays claim to the fast est mail time between Sydney and Lon don, and hitherto has seldom failed to land mails in London within 29 days. This time has only been exceeded when the New York connection has happened to be a seven days' steamer. It was seen by the Oceanlic Coinpanpy that by aidvenced sailings from Sydncy by seven days onl the present schedule a very fast through service to Enigland would be made possible by connecting at New York with the express steamers of the Cunard, Ilamburg-Amerika, Whitel Star, and Norddeutscher-Lloyd lines. When arrangements with these lines were ,concluded, the Oceanic Company submit ted to the United State' Gosv-rnment its revis'ed time-table, the sanction of whichl has now emen obta;ýed; The" present ,"through' time is now 211 days. This meay be cut down considerabh- with the advent of the new i tr.aiir?i of Lte com pany, whlich will be capable of an ocmen speed of 20 knols, making the trip from Sydney to San Francieco, with stoppings, in about 16/e days.. The through trip to London should then be possible in about 26 days. Mr. V. A. Sproul, general manager of the company in Australia, ascertained that some few years nago the New Zea land Governlmenit proposell a scheme for an all-red mail route via Canada, which,.! at an enormous expense to be shared by i Great Britain, Canada, and New Zealand. would have landed mails in London in 25 days. Sir Joseph Ward held the view that the quickest route should carry the mails. The San Francisco route from Sydney holds that position. It would appear now that in the near future it must sprilig automatically into prominence with the advent of the through service, carrying passengers and mails at an average of 480 miles per day. Tie steamers of the Oceanic Company are subsldised for tile voyage from San Francisco to Sydney, but need not, even when capable of steaming 20 knots per hour, 'go to the expense of maintaining that speed between Sydney and San Francisco, as no subvention is made by the Federal Government in Australia. This is a questlon' which may interest the present Postmaster-General in its re lation to thie reductioin of time between Australia anid England, and as an auxil iary to the present subsidised routes. 