 PARLIAMENT IRRIGATION BILL MR. IIOLMAN AND LONDON. nv.T.T.Tvrc a TTriTa nv Aw/An nAV GRAIN ELEVATORS. A GIGANTIC SCHEME. SVDIN'I'.V, Monday. lu Iho Legislative Alhi'iiilily tu-uipht, Tho Attorney-Clonernl, in ronl/ to Mr. Cochnim1, slated if 11 vm: 'icy should arise in tho Industrial Court Hindi only u suitable ' candidate. ..would bo appointed — 0110 who thoroughly on tlmstooil tho industrial nnvi'roninisnt. Tho Premier, in reply to Mr. Wide, said that if An?.uo Day should, n«t bo rieclnied a coiiuial holiday in Audtrt'Jiii ho would seo if a holiday for that diiy could bo proclaimed in N.S.W. HUNTING FOB LOANS. Mr. Holmnn, in roply to Mr. lJiynos, staled (hat there was no contemplated chnngo in tho Agcnt-GoncrnlsUp, mill, icjilying to Air. Cochrnno, tho 'Premior siihl he had notirod tho glamor creatid by tho visit of Iho Prime Minister, Mr. Hughes, but could not admit thai Mi1. Hughes' prosenco would create an in appropriate period to go in search oi a lean. 'But, ' said Mr; :Holman, '1 will consider about tho upproprinlones-i of timo.' ? .~ Tho Promier, in roply to Mr. Ball, said that a conforonco would bo hold on tho following day with ropi'osonta ti\ca of unions 011 tho quostion oC tho employment of unskilled labor in the li-anufne.turo o£ munitions. The Minister for Labor and Industry, in roply to Captain Toombs, sni.i he was considering matters in dispute in volving tho workmen at Evolnigli shops. PUBLICITY TN AMERICA. The Premier, in roply to Mr. FUz r/iitrick; said that Captain Nesoig't v, is still iu tho employment of Ilie Uov ernmont as publicity roproscntal'vo at tho Panama Pacific Exposition ut San Francisco at a salary of £720 por an num. Tho Minister for Agriculture sniil all crop lions given by farmers to the O'.iv ernmont on account of seed nhent nnd fodder woro registered. IRRIGATION AREA. Tho Minister moved tho socunl read ing of tho Irrigation Amendment HI!, which would amend tho 1!U2 Act. Tho lato Mr. L. A. B. Wado hail htated somo few years ago, ho said, that lie would bo satisfied if thoro worn not moro than 20 por cont. of failures. So far as could be seen tho numlic would ne under ton por cent. Tho Govern ment realised it would bo necesspry to holp those farmers during the nc-xt two or threo yo.irs. Somo settlers wore not wholly contonted, but the ma.ior'tv -it Griffith and Mirrol woro working out what already wero paying propositions. Tho work of administration was too' much for any one man. In future threo Commissioners would do this wuik. AcUiig-Coinmissiouor Dnre woulil bo the engineering mombcr of the Cdiri'ii&- sicn, and tho Minister of Lands vo;ild bo chairman. Tho third,' commissioner rorioncc. The Government proposed to oxtond payments by tho consolida tion of tho wholo of tho 'accounts dur ing the first years of sottlomont. .'I ho Government would advance u cartain amount of money for iinprovemoiils, and advance on improvements, if need bo, up to 1G years. Tho pay for -wo Commissioners would bo £1250. Iho Minister hail received a cW.m ip plicantH daily. I'OTJR COMMISSIONERS ADVO CATED. Mr. Wado expressed tho hopo tuat Ministers' expectations wouM be real iced. He had hoard too much during the last year about 111011 no; being nl-lc to make a living on blink t.rcas. Tho Ministor was already too Impy to taku on moro work. It would bo bet tor if threo Commissioners woro i\-- pointod, exclusive oC the Minisd.r. Tho second reading was agroo'l to [-.nd tho bill taken through committco. The third reading was mado an ordor of tho day for tho following day. GRAIN ELEVATORS.' Tho Minister for Agriculturo moved tho second reading of tho Grain Eleva tor Bill. Ho said that throo govern ments 'had already agreed to join togothor in the preparation of plans :'iid specifications with a viow to hav ing ono system. Ho had ovory con fldenco that Victoria would join with theso threo wheat growing Stutos, and thus havo a uniform system throughout tho Commonwealth. BIG FIGURES. Taking 9/ por dozen as tho' average price of bags and nllowing for tho amount paid for bugs sold as whoat, the cost for bags this season could be put down at £037,500. Tho total sav ings on the crops of 00 million bnshelB had boen worked out to be £1,1210,000. Thoro would bo 200 elevators at dif ferent parts of tho Stato and two tor- / niinal elevators— -0110 nt Sydney and another at Noweastlo. The Sydney elevator would bo erected at a cost of £400,000 and would havo a storngo capacity of threo million bushels. Tho Newcastle olovator would cost £100,000, and would have a storago capacity of 1:00.000 busliels. Fivo country elevators, with a stor ago capacity of 300,000 bushels, would cost £20,000 each. To erect fifteen elevators to deal with 200,000 bushels euch would cost £10,000 each; to erect twenty elevators to handle 150,000 bushels each would cost £13,000 each; thirty to deal with 100,000 bushels would cost £10,500' oach; 00 to deal with 50,000 bushels would cost £5000 each to erect; 40 to deal with 30,000 Vushels oach would cost £3500 euch to cicet. TOTAL, COST £2,000,000. Tho total cost of elevators to deal with a 100,000,000 bushel crop would bo £2,000,000. Tho working oxpnnsos would bo £103,000 per annum and tho saving to tho farmer would bo 3*d por buohel, If tho bill was passed tho olo vators would bo under construction at tho end of this year, and be completed within five yours. Tlio Tronsiiror had said that ho would bo able to find the money for elevators to ilenl with 300,000 bushels each and tlie.so would bo erected at Tcmorn, Tlui Rocks, and Wyalong and two othor iilno.es. All tho cloaninc of wheat, would bo done nt the torminnl olovator. An agreement had boen como to between tho odicors of the various department1!!, nnil tho Ministor guaranteed thiit half of tho 1017-18 crop would bo linndlod in this Stato. For theno ronsons tlio Govern ment rlcsircd to withdraw tho question from the Public Works Committoo and oipoilito tho work. Mr. Cohen thought tho Government should take the House into iln confi dence nnd s:iy whore tho money was to como from. (Mr. Abbott: ''^rom Opposition sido.') Ho favored the bill, ami it was time, the Government did something tangible for tho prim ary producer!!, lie hoped thero would bo no hitch in finding the money re quirod. Tho debato was iu progress at a lato 1 hour. 1 