 AERIAL MAILS Sydney to London in Twelve Days Some time ago the Postmaster-General pooh-poohed the idea that after the war aeroplanes would be used for the con veyance of mails in some cases. But the use of aeroplanes as mail earners is likely to become extensive when the war is over. There will be for some years a great shortage of fast mail steamers, and the demand lor speedy commercial communications dur ing the years of reconstruction will be insistent. An aeroplane, service between this and London would bring English communications to Australia in six or seven days at the most, and that would mean enormously much to a few millions of people in this Commonwealth. How is this, then, to be brought about. By tHo Post Office ? It is not at all jikely. But the Post Office will prob ably arrange carrying contracts with any company that establishes aerial routes of communication. Mr. Reginald Lloyd is in Australia now on just this business. He served during the early part of the war with me n.i^.i^.i-/. in Lonaon, ana ne saw a Bood many air raids. Mr. Lloyd's route as suggested covers 10,210 miles of flight distance, Sydney to London, and it fol lows a line that makes the necessary landing- stations possible. The only great expanse is in the stage Cape York to Rangoon, and there are practical landing-stations right over. Nature has been pretty good to the scheme. Thus, while Sumatra, with its precipitous mountains, its huge jungle tracts, and i's great areas of swamp land, is unsuitable, Borneo docs very well, and in Borneo there are great oil sources. There are no insuperable difficulties as to route, and the real difficulties arc astonishingly few. The whole distance can be covered at the outset comfortably in twelve days, allowing for no night flying at all. When night flying is made generally practicable, you can halve it; but that 'cannot be' for a considerable time yet. What sort of air craft would be used ? Probably big planes carrying two men, having a considerable weight and stow age capacity, and fitted with a separate second engine for use in case of trouble. Such a machine, according to Mr. Lloyd, 'must reduce the remaining risks to a minimum, nnd such a machine is procur able even now.' Mr. Lloyd says that a company with an initial capital of £500,000 would be ade quate for all purposes. He urges that enormously much of the preparatory work could be done, or set in hand, at once. He han it in view to go over the route to Cape York with a surveyor and a mechanic or two directly he can find the time. ____________ John Craig, aged 88, has been arrested at Fremantle for attempting an indecent assault on a girl under 13 years.— Perth correspondent 