 London to Sydney MAMA IN BZSVEN DATS. The flight of Captain Ross Smith and bis crow in thoir Vickors-Vimy ma chine steroid half the world hns reached a stage of Intonno interest Ho started from London on November 30, And made half the distance, to Delhi, in 13 day, on live of which he did not fly. Even on some of the dnyn on which ho did fly much timo wa# lont because of bad landing grounds, and much work was necessary to get tlio grouud into condition for his next take-off. He lost a day nt Pihu, rented two days at Basra, und was also two days nt Delhi. His average for all the 10 dny was 470 miles of flight a day. His flying hour Nocms to covor about 00 miles. 80 that his average daily flight would lie about five hour#. t'ousMderutlon of these fact# nnd fig ure# indicate# that when tlii# route b properly organised, when fliers no long er have to put up with had ncrodromes. when #p:iroH nnd petrol Biipplie nnd mechanics ure ipreud along the way as they ore in the garages oat the rasia rondH of terrestrial traffic, thlx time will 'he cojirtidornbly cut down. The letters ubich Captain (Rosa Smith carries, if all goes well, will reach their recipients in just about the time it woald have takou them to como from London acroHH the Atlantic or vie Suae —29 or 30 days. Cut out the flvo days lost through various cuuses, nnd Cap tain Ross Smith will have brought' down the mail tiiuc to 2 er 35 days of actual travelling. ? , The men who come after Mm, instead of flying five hour# a day, will lly eight or ten. No sooner doee ff maa sot up tho drat record over a givon distance than Homebody immediately cuts it down. 'Many will remember tho .first Melbourne to Sydnoy non-stop motor trip by Kellow and James, It took them 25 hours. Other motorists havo cut it down to less thon 15 hours. And #0 it will bo with tho Australian filght. In a few years, it Is safe to prediet the mails will reach Australia in sovon days or so, in machines which will fly over vast stretches of land and see, night and day. If thoy have to land thoro will be good, lunding places, where the mud doos not roaeh to tho oxlos of tho undercarriuge. There will be no bamboo roads to bo built by coolies to got the machines on to firm ground for thoir take-off. Relay organisation will cut out, the handicap of perBon&l fati gue. Our cables, at present, take about five day# in transit from London. In the recent times of hopeless congestion took as much as 14 or 16 days. It la per peetly within the bounds of possibility that thoso airmen who follow Captain Ross Smith In bit great flight Will ha ablo to deliver messages in Australia mure quickly than thi cable Is doing now. When Captain Rosa 8mith reached Bourabaya ho had covered, roughly, about 9000 miles— map distance. At 90 miles an hour that means 100 hours of flight. Were it possible to go on night and day, oxcept for a few important landings for supplies of fuel, flying 90 hours a day instead of about five, that distance could have been covered in five days. That it will bo so covored in' the nenr future who can doubt T It is only a decado since Bleriot crowed the straights of Dover, while all the world woodercd. Day by day new records are mado, and month by month tho petrol engine becomes more reliable. The en gine of ten years bones may easily bo to the Rolls Boyea .aaehlaes which drive tho Vlckers-Vlmy of Captain Row Smith as thoso are to tho Rule rotary gnome which carried Bleriot to his triumph, 