 MAILS IN SEVEN DAYS | FROM LONDON YO SYDNEY ; i - i j FUTURE POSSIBILITIES Consideration of the facts and figure! of Captain Ross Smith's Eight indicate tnat »hen this route is properly organ ísed, when fueis no longer nave to pul up with bad aerodromes, when spare; and petrol supplies and mechanics arc spre.id along the way they are ir ian g.iiiigcc on'the main roads oí ter- ri stria; traine, this time will be con- siderably cut down. 'the letters wh eh Captain Ross Snvitli carries, it all goes well (says the "Sun"; will reach their recipients in just aboul the tuno it would liavo taken them tc come from London across the Atlantic or via .Suca-SÜ or 3J days. Cut out tlie five days lost through various cause and Capta.n líos* : ni th will ha\'&lt; brought down the mail timo to 24 or '21 days of actual travelling. Tue men who come alter him, instead of living live hours a day, wi'l fly eight or 1U. No sooner does a man set up tho first record over u given distance than somebody immediately cuts it down. Many will remember the first Melbourne to Sydney non-stop motor trip by Keltow and James. It took them ¡¿5 hours. Other motorists have cut it down to less than 15 hours. Aud so it will be with the Australian flight. In a few years, it is safe to predict, the mails will reach Australia in seven days or so, in machines which will fly over vast stretches of 'and and sci,* night and day. If they have to lan'd thero will be good lauding places, where the mud does not reach to the axles of the undercarriage. There will be no bam- beo roads to be built by coolies to get tho machines on to firm ground Tor their take-off. Relay organisation will cut out the handicap of personal fat- igue. Our cables, at present, take about five days in transit from London. In tho recent times of hopeless congestion they took as much as 14 or 15 days. It is perfectly within the bounds of possibility that those airmen who fol- low Captain Ross Smith in his great flight will be able to deliver messages, in Australia more quickly than the cable is doing it now. When Captain Roas Smith reached Sourabaya lie had covered, roughly, about 9Û0O mile«, map distance. At 90 miles an hour that means 100 hours of fl'ght. Were it possible to go on night and day, except for a few im- portant landings for supplies of fuel, flying 20 hours a day instead of about five, that distanco cotild have been cov- ered in five days. That it vn\ be so covered in tho near future who can doubt? It is only a decade since Bler iot crossed the Str-aitu of Dover, while all the world wondered. Day by day new records are made, and month by month the petrol engine becomes more reliable. The en^'no of 10 years hence mnv easily b&lt;> to the Ro/Is-Royce ma- chines which drive tjie Tickers-Vimy of Capta n Ross Smith as these are to the little rotary Gnome which car- ried Bleriot to his triumph. j 