 :: FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON BY AIR IN TEN DAYS :: TRAVEL BY AIR ? ? ? ? HOW GREAT SERVICE WILL BE MANAGED NOTABLE FACTS STATED BY . ' SIR KEITH SMITH MINIMISING FEAR AND DANGER The accompanying pictures, supplied to the Sunday Times by ? Sir Keith Smith, are particularly interesting in view of the proposal ' to link Australia with England, in accordance with the extension scheme of the England to India passenger airship service. Sir Keith Smith, who, with his brother, Sir Ross Smith, made the first immortal flight from England to Australia in the Vickers Vimy machine, is in Australia as general Australasian supervisor for Vickers, Ltd., but one of the most important problems he will investigate is that of the gigantic England to Australia service. The England to India service should be in working order in less than two yecrs. There will be only one stop en route — Cairo — and that portion of the journey will occupy no more than SO hours. Thence the ships will travel direct to Karachi. Already two ships for sen Ice are under construction — one by the British Government and the other by the Vickers group company. Sir Keith Smith said: 'The mast to which the R33 is moored is not of the. exact type to be used for the passenger ships. The new type will be approxi mately 170ft high, having two internal passenger lifts, together with fuel, gas and water connections. They will be 695ft long, 136ft high, and 138ft wide. [ There will be 11 entirely separate bags, and the total gas capacity will be 5,000,000 cubic feet. That is. 2.08 times the capacity of the Shenandoah, at pre sent the largest airship in the world. The power units consist of seven engines each developing 550 h.p., and it is, per haps, with regard to these engines that our greatest advance since the war has been made. SAFETY OF LIQUID FUEL. ! 'For, instead of burning about ? 51b i-o£ highly volatile and inflammable ! petrol per horse-power, these engines work on a mixture of kerosene and hydrogen, using but ,331b of the former and .02 of the latter per h.p., an achieve ment of the, first magnitude. For the liquid fuel is no longer a constant source of potential danger, while by the ad mixture of hydrogen with it, a double advantage is gained, the maximum range of the shiD is increased and its naviga tion simplified. For, while hitherto, during flight an airship has increased in buoyancy by an amount equal to the Wright of petrol consumed, ultimately necessitating the valving and consequent waste of hydrogen, -with the new engine —by the nice balancing of the ratio of gaseous to liquid fuel — the ship remains almost in equilibrium. , 'Briefly,' Sir Keith added, 'our engine research' has had a fourfold result. It has eliminated the necessity for using petrol, a very volatile, inflammable spilit, which has been the cause of all airship fires that have occurred; it has turned to account the hydrogen which was formerly wasted; it has reduced the cost of power production, and it has simpli fied general airship navigation. GAS-TIGHT SKIN. 'Here again a vcry; great advance has 'ten made, for while all rigid airships Used in the war - obtained their gas retaining property from the use of a fabric covered with goldbeater's skins (an internal skin of the ox, about 10 to 20 inches in size) — which skins had to be individually attached to the fabric to the number, even in such relatively small airships as R33 — of several mil lions, now, as a result of our researches, a synthetic gas-tight skin can be mechanically attached to the fabric, thus eliminating the former laborious and costly method. Sir Keith Smith stated that a com pany ?will be formed for the purpose of exploiting the second part of the great venture — from India to Australia. If it should be decided to select a station at Singapore, the flight from India to Australia will be east by south to Syd ney. Monitors will probably be sta tioned at various parts of the journey to act as depots with gas plants and workshops on board. In the event of war these could be also utilised for auxiliary defence because each would be equipped with guns and have a great speed capacity. MOORING MASTS. Explaining the nature of the mooring masts the distinguished aviator said the lifts on the interiors open on to gang ways from which the passengers step into the gondolas. For six months, he said, the R33 was moored to a mast at Fulham in Norfolk, the airship base of England, and in that time she experi enced all sorts of weather. But at the end of the period she showed no signs of wear and tear, and once she outrode a 60 miles gale. The ships are fastened to the masts by means of a rope dropped from the nose down through the mast. 'For the proposed scrvice, 'Sir Keith concluded, ''it will, of course, be neces sary to have the most efficient organi sation and machine and well-paid, and fit men, who thoroughly know their business. I see no reason why the scr vice will not be a magnificent success. A great deal of meteorological and general research work will have to be performed in India, at Singapore and here in Australia, principally between Darwin and Singapore. But I don't think the weather conditions will be so bad as to be insurmountable. Anyhow, an airship will stand all sorts of con ditions. An4 there is, and will always be no need for fear on the part of pas sengers; ? 'HANDS OFF.' It is the cloak of secrecy, the hands off attitude that has always been an in cidental of airships, which is re sponsible for the public fear. Once upon a time people were afraid to travel on ferries, trains, trams and in motor cars. We have smashes every day with each of those means of travel, but the people use them just the same. If the big scheme is found practicable as far as Australia is concerned — and Sir Keith Smith is perfectly confident that It will be — it is hoped that a feeder line will be run from Singapore, assum ing that is a chosen call to Japan and China. . Tuis is, the R33, Britain's greatest airship. Ships to participate in tho gigan 1 tic service from England to India, and later from England to Australia, will ( be of the same type, with the exception that the gondolas will not hang as j they are shown in the picture and the ships , will be higher than they are 5 wide. Here the R33 is moored to a mast at Fulham, England, and in this j position recently came through a 60 miles gale with flying colors. 