 IN TEN DAYS London to Sydney SINGLE FARE £120 AUCKLAND. Tuesday. Sir Keith Smith, tho fatnou nvla- tor, and Mr. A. H. Ashbolt, retir- ing Agent-General for Tasmania, are. on their way to Sydney with plans for inaugurating, within threo years, an airship scrvico between London and Sydney. They arrived by the Niagara from Vancouver on their way to take up the proposition with the Government, and other inU ista In New Zealand and Australia. Mr. Ashboit has Just completed o Ave ycaia' term as Agcnt-G«neral for Tasmania, und white h was in Lon | don ho was instrumental In starting Iho movement fur un airship service to Australia. On their arrival at Auckland he and Sir Keith Smith codlly explained ihe ate, is so far tuken to launch tho project. Details of the schemo have been o fnr advanced that Mr. Ashbolt was In a poHitlon to disc the sched ule of ares, and the prospective Itin erary of tho service. Fares have been bused on t e present scale for voyages by tho I, and O. Une of steamers. On this basts tho first-class fare for tho piopo.k.d air-ship scrvico will not exceed £120 for the slnglo trip from London to Australia. LINKIlS OF TILE AIIl Tho airships will bo veritable liner of the air. An idva of their size may »>o formed from details of accommo dation. I'rovinlon will bo nindo for carry ing 120 puKscngurcH, anil 13 tons of luggHgo und iiiuii matter. Their cruis. tug iangi> on a non-stop run will Ire 25u0 miles, at an uvcrago speed of 70 miles an hour. Thus, a ship will bo able to do the Journey front Lon don to Berth, West AunlrnUa, In eight days, and from London to Sydney In 10 days. TIicmj periods allow for wayside stop at different stations along the route, thus enabling passengers to have a look at foreign scenes In a nu.nri'T similar to thai enjoyed und' r I thf pr::.cnL system of ocean naviga- I tiou. PROVISION FOR OVERHAUL At each station the airships will be replenished with fuel and other sup- phc.t. und nttcntlon given to their nif- rhnnism. Ample provision la boing made at these depots for such vvoik and overhauling ns may be required. The equipment and general furnish- ings of ihe aerial cruisers will ho on a scale of comfort and attractiveness. The mlt-rior will be tilted with cabins of different dimensions, one scries glv. ing accommodation for two pnsscn- In each cabin, and four pusscn. gci's in larger cabins. 