 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN LESS THAN A DAY. AIRSHIPS DOING 1000 MILES AN HOUR. BIG DEVELOPMENT EXPECTED. London to Sydney in less than a day and London to. New York in four hours! That, according to a writer, is a possi bility within the next 25 years. There liavc been remarkable develop ments in aviation during the past, year, but these will be eclipsed by the chan ges to be made in flying machines dur ing the coming year. 'Some of the changes have, already been accomplished in aeroplanes, sec retly manufactured for the British Go vernment. These machines, it is stated on reliable authority, can rapidly climb to great heights and travel silently at enormous-speeds, bu,t as they are to be used for defence purposes the secret of their success is being strictly guarded. Meanwhile, scientists and leading statesmen predict wonderful develop ments in Imperial air services during the coming year or two. A few days ago Lord Thomson, a former 'British Secretary of State for Air, said that New Zealand would soon, be brought within ID days of London, as machines had been devised capable of travelling non-stop stages of .1500 miles. This would enable New Zealand to be reach ed in 10 'hops' from London, and that without touching any non-British terri tory. In a very few years this speed will be viewed as comparative "crawling," having regard to the great speeds to be attained with the machines that are at present undergoing experiment. Brit ish research work on aeroplanes, it has been authoritatively stated, has result ed in the designing of an air-engine which, by means of super-charging, can, it is believed, attain an altitude of 10 miles. There has not, as yet, been any actual flying test of these engines, but scientists and aeroplane experts agree that by the use of these engines it is quite possible that within L'5 years there will be an aeroplane that will easily and safely travel at the rate of 1000 miles an hour, thus bringing Lon don within four hours of New York, arid Sydlncy within less than a day's journey of London or New York. EMPIRE AIR SERVICES. Thai these are not merely the dreams of optimistic scientists is demonstrated by the. assurances that have been given by British Ministers regarding the early developments in the Empire &lt;ur ser vices. Sir Sefton Branelcer, the Brit ish Director of Civil Aviation, stated recently that within a short time flying boats will «ross the Atlantic, at the rate of.300 miles per hour, each carry ing at least 200 passengers, and so competing successfully with fast-travel ling steamships. Hitherto the great difficulty regarding speed in passenger aeroplanes has been the development of uncomfortable noises. This is being got over by the alteration of the loca tion of the engines and propellors, and" by silencing devices.. Jn future passen gers in the giant, aeroplanes and flying boats will experience less noise thaji is heard at present in fast-travQlling. trains. The . danger of lire in the air is bei|ng got over by the-invention of engines using "non-inflanim,ablc" heavy, crude oil, which, in addition to increasing safety, reduces propulsion costs by from 80 to 90 per cent. The cables announce the arrival of Sir Samuel Hoare, British Minister for Air, and Lady Hoare, at Bagdad, in the inauguration of an Imperial air service between England and India, via Cairo, which may later be extended to Aus tralia. The present proposal is to have regular air services between Cairo and Bagdad, and between Cairo and Kara chi, thus reducing the .journey from Briti:in to India by at least eight days. It is proposed later, with the co-opora tion of the Indian Government, to ox lend these services to Bombay, Calcut ta, and Rangoon, thus linking up with the Royal Air Force flying boat service in the Far East. It is also hoped that later, with the co-operation of the Aus-'' traliau Government, and the Royal Aus tralian Air Force, there will be an air service between Rangoon, or other Indian centre, and Australia/ via the Dutch East Indies. VISITING AIRSHIPS. Apart from this scheme, there is the proposal to establish in 1028 an airship' service between Sydney and London. Two trial airships arc at present being constructed in England. One at least will bo ready for trial during the cur rent year, and the socond will be com pleted by the end of the year, or early in 1928. Those airships are both of practically the same design. The en gines, which will be fuelled with crude oil for greater safety, will be capable of producing 5000 horse-power, giving an average speed for the airship on the London to Sydney journey of 50 ( miles per hour. There will be a dining- I room and sleeping, berth accommodation j for 125 passengers, each of whom will be permitted to carry 101b. of personal luggage. I During the current year these mac hines-if both are ready-will carry out flying experiments in Britain. These will ' be followed by experimental flights to India, and later to Australia, the object beinjg to obtain the fullest possible-information regarding airship cruising conditions in the tropics be fore. the establishment of the regular air service' between London and Syd ney. ' The erection of. a hangar for these airships when in Australia is the res ponsibility of the Federal Government; and it is understood that the matter wall receive early consideration after the return of the Prime Minister (Mr. Bruce), who discussed the whole ques tion of air service and air defence with ,the British officers at the recent Imperial Conference in London. It is possible that a mooring tower will bo erected for the experimental flights. The new airships are being so solidly constructed that they can with safety be left at the mooring tower for a number of days. When the regular ser vice is established two or more of these mooring towers may be required in Australia in addition to a hangar to facilitate major repairs and recondit ioning. Sir Samuel Hoare stated recently that British avaitors during the past 12 months covered over (5,000,000 air miles with only four fatal accidents. This is a far lower percentage of fatalities than can be shown by any other pas senger-carrying service, either by land or sea, for a similar period. -''Sydney Morning Herad." 