 LIGHT OF OTHER OAYS Sydney Old Boys Gather SIR J. FAIRFAX PRAISED LONDON, July 22. Sydneians' memories of their famous old school and the many famous Aus tralians it has produced, were recalled this evening,- when a distinguished gath ering of Sydney Grammar School old boys, under the auspices of the London branch of the Old Sydneians' Union, held their annual reunion dinner at the Les Gobelins restaurant. A former headmaster, Mr. Sloman, who is now headmaster of the Tonbridge School, was president, and those present included a schoolmaster (Mr. R. H. Bode), an ex-schoolmaster (Sir William Vicars), Drs. Brearley, Levick, Hum phreys, and Avid, and probably the oldest old boy. Dr. Camac Wilkinson, who first attended the Grammar School in 1867, and is now a noted Harley-street specialist; also Messrs. Gritton and Barr Brown. Mr. Sloman, In toasting 'The School and the Old Sydneians' Union,' paid a touching tribute to tne late president, Sir James Fairfax. He said: 'I learned to have the greatest affection and gra titude for him. He was a shy but sin cere man, and did great service to the school. Nothing expresses the spirit of Sir James Fairfax better than his cable acknowledging ours wishing success to the Sydney Old Sydneians' annual din ner. Mr. Sloman read Sir James Fairfax's cable, which said: 'Many thanks for your kind greetings, which the Sydney Old Sydneians return In full measure. Hope you have a joyous dinner. Take care of Brearley and Bode, who are very valuable to the school.' The gath ering acknowledged the tribute in silence. Dr. Wilkinson, referring to 'my won derful old school.' said: 'After these years my freshest memories are the In fluence of the personality of the masters of the old school, which taught me courage, perseverance, honesty, and all the elements that make a useful man.' GRAMMAR SCHOOL'S PROGRESS Mr. Bode said there had been much talk of the school being nothing like It was in the good old days.* He believed the school had not gone back, but had gone forward. The only reason it did not appear so good was that others had become better than they were. The Grammar School nowadays does not get the pick of the brains of the country, but, comparatively, our examination passes are higher than ever. There is no need to apologise for the Grammar School.' Dr. Brearley. alluding to the great value to the community of schools like the Grammar School, said it would be a calamity for Australia If these schools Dasssd out: yet. when he saw the schools In England, many adequately and some enormously endowed, he realised more than ever that something must be done in Australia, where there was practically no endowment. Dr. Brearley said that personally he was opposed to moving the Grammar School from its present posi tion, where It had not outlived Its use fulness; moreover, with the developmen' of Sydney, there was a great futur there. 