 GETTING CLOSER TO LONDON. Sir S. Brancker's Prediction. Sydney Within 7i- Days Shortly. LONDON, 20(1 1 June. Sir CiuuTes Wakefield gave u dinner to Sir Alnri and Lady C'oblmm in celebra tion of their Africa i) flight. He empha sised Hint there wero three kinds of air achievement. Firstly there were, the early pioneers;, secondly, Ike adventurous spirits who created records; and, thirdly, the pioneers of practical achievement, of whom Sir Alan C'oblmm was fore runner. Sir Samuel lloare said tlrat out of the recent long-distance flights Hie successful ones, like tlio Bremen and Friendship, hail been carefully prepared, and lind heeded the weather reports. Sir Alan Cobhnni's achievement had stimulated in terest in aviation in Africa. Already mining magnates were giving attention to the sending of gold and diamonds to Bri tain lay nirwise. Lady Cobhitni revealed that when they crossed the equator her husband suggested that on this momentous occasion ill tlie course, of the celebrations lie must kiss her in front of tlio crow. Sho sug gested Unit if tlie ercw kissed her in front of li tin it would lie much mure exciting. Sir H. Brittnin, ALP., in toasting Im perial Aviation, said lie wns very" dissatis fied witii Britisli civil aviation. The pie- sent air routes of Europe comprised 3(1.000 miles. Germany was running 15,0(10 miles and Britain 1000 miles. At present we luul no "All-red route" and no seaplane service, though our pilots, planes and en gines were second to none. Sir Sefton Branekcr, Director of Civil Aviation, in replying, admitted civil avia tion wns a comparative failure. The rea sons were, firstly, that air transport did not pay; and, secondly. Hint Britishers were not "air-minded," particularly in tlie House of Commons. But Coblrani, Hinkler and Kingsl'oinl Smith wore assist ing in Hie creation of an air mind. In tlie near future Sydney would be within 180 hours ( 7 V-j days) of London. A telegram was despatched from tlie dinner, signed bv Sir Alan and Lady Cob- ham, congratulating Aiiss Kuiharl on her siieccsstul flight across Llie Atlantic. 