 TEN DAYS. Sydney to London. ANOTHER VENTURE. It Is proposed to fly "The Spirit of Aus- tralia" monoplane from Richmond Aerodrome to the Croydon Aerodrome, outside Lohdon, within ton days, and to make tho return flight from Richmond to Croydon and back »Ithln 28 days. Statements to this effect were made at the christening of the machine at the Richmond Aerodrome yesterday, and later at a luncheon at the Royal Hotel, Richmond. Mr. T. B. Rofe, who purchased the machine, Btated that he lnvoBted in It eome of the money he got from the City Council for re- sumptions of his property In Macquarle stroet. Sir James Murdoch, M.L.C., who Is assist- ing In financing the venture, stated that ho did so because ho desired to have the system of communications betweon Australia and Lon- don improved, and he considered that the host means of doing so wa» by commercial aviation. He cautioned the pilot, Flylng Offlcor Moir, of the Australian Flying Corps, not to use any "mock heroics" In his endea- vour to mnke a record flight to London, but to use carefulness and caution, as by those moans ho would best serve the cause of civil aviation and of Australia. Flylng-OITIcer Moir Btated that he would show the "cnnnlness of the Scotchman" and use all necessary precautions. He would make no promises before he left, but he hoped to be nble to talk about "something accom- plished and something done" when be came hack. (Appluuse.) Mr. Frank Hurley expressod regret that they had to go te America for the mi-dhlne for the night, but the fact was that there was no suitable British machine available. When he asked a British firm for a machine with an aerial capacity of 2000 miles, he was laughed at. The best that could be offered In Britain was a machine for £8000, and then the aerial capacity was only 900 miles. He was hope- ful that when the British manufacturers saw this machine in England, and realised that what was wanted In Australia was a machine that was capable of flying from one side of the Continent to the other, they would bugin to build aeroplanes and seaplane« to meet Australian requirements. "The Spirit of Aus- tralia" cost £3700. and had a range of over 2000 miles. AVIATION BENEFITS INCALCULABLE j Mr. W. A. Holman, K.C., spoaklng at th« luncheon, said the sentimental advantages ot quick communication between Sydney and London wore Incalculable. In the màttor öf inlgratlon, Canada got the very beBt frOru Brltain, as the people knew that the distance wttB not more than eight or ten days, and they had a knowledge of persons who went to Canada and did well, and returned home 6b à visit. In tho cnse of Australia, they thought of relatives or acquaintances going out d8 If on n Journey of exploration to an unknown country. They knew of mrtny People who loft Britain for Australia, but of very fe* who roturned, Even the visit Of the "Biß Four" showed that Australia waa largoly a!i unknown country to a great many Britons. These commercial magnates Were out to ox ploro Australia In much the same spirit as that in which a missionary went on an ex- ploration through a cannibal Country, (Ap- plause.) That feeling would be .obviated It Australians of the present generation were able to make quick artd frequent visita to Britain. There were many eminent Austra- lians In Britain doing good work for Australia, but the misfortune was that, in the main, they were men of a past generation, and wert largely out of touch with the alms and aspira- tions of the present generation of Australians. Nothing can be a grentcr benefit to the Commonwealth than that the distance to the centres of civilisation shall be reduced in time as much as la possible They hnd recently had a number of pioneering nviatlon feats, and this was going to add ahother to the many successes In aviation that had been achieved by Australians. The machine was the best that could be got for the purpose, and it was to be piloted by one of the most cap- able flying officers In the A.F.C. (Applause.) Other speakers at the luncheon were Mr. David R. Hall. Squadron-Leader Lukis (the Commanding Officer At Richmond), Mr. Geoff- rey Hughes (president of the New South Wales Aero Club), and Mr. Black, of the Shell Company. DESCRIPTION OF THE MACHINE. The Spirit of Australia, christened yester- day by Mr. Rofe, Is a Ryan monoplane, built on the same model as the machine In which Colonel Llndherg flew across the Atlantic. It Is of the «arno design as the one in which Hood and Moncrieff endeavoured to fly from Richmond to New Zealand, but has a larger wing Spread and greater petrol onpa city. The engine la a later model than that used In Colonel Llndbcrg's machino, and bafi greater power. It is graded at 220 h.p., and makes 1G00 revolutions per minute. The petrol consumption Is ten milos to the gallon. The storage capacity has been Increased by means of an extra tank to 350 gallons, which will give nn aerial range of 3B00 miles. The route to be followed will, In the main, be that flown by Sir Alan Cobham and Mr. Bert Hinkler, but there will be fewer night stops than either of these aviators made. The aerial distance to be covered, It Is estimated, will be slightly under 12,000 miles, and It is anticipated that some days a distance of 2000 miles may bo covered. This, however, will only be In the Case of "long hops," when the weather Is suitable, and certain "danger" iones have to be obviated. Mr. Rofe yeBterday expressed the hope that the journey either way would be done In nlhe days, but Flying Officer Moir stated ho did not think that humanly possible, as time would have to be allowed for him to eat and sleep. By doing 1200 milcB per day, or nbbtlt twelve flying hoursi it Will be possible to do the Journey from Richmond to Croydon Inside ton days. The ground organisation has been completed, and the Shell Company has laid down oil and petrol supplies at aerodromes approxi- mately 600 miles apart for the whole stage of the Journey. The ease with which oil and fuel may be replenished will provent unduly heavy loads being carried, unleas on the days when an abnormally long distance Is to he covered, and even then it will be possible to land at Intervals for suppllos without undue waste of time. A wireless transmitting and receiving ap- paratus Is being inatallod In the machine, and It Is expected that the aviators will be in constant communication with either Austrnlln Or London radio stations during the entire Journoy. The present Intentions aro that the flight shall be commenced early next week. The offioors of the Air Fore« at Richmond have, with the permission of the Minister for Defence, put the machine together, have tested It out, and found that it works entirely satis- factory In every detail. That was demon- strated In the trial flights which took place yesterday. The reports of the different avia- tors who have flown between Sydney and London havo been made available for the Information of Flying Officer Moir by the Civil Aviation Department. "It rt.ll be like following a beaten track," said Flying Officer Moir yesterday. He Hna seen active service with the No. 3 Squadron of the A.F.C. In France, and has slnCo been attached to the Citizens' Air Force at Rich- mond, and has been granted a month's leave of absence for the purpose of flying to London and back. 