 $&lt; j -MELBOUR-sX. "1 am In the place »»here I am demanded rî const leuce to r-piak the (ruth, and therefore tin I truth I Mieak, ircpugn it »»lioso Il«t." TO conm>i'oxi)i:NT-i. l.»rrv letter niu-t be nceotnpatm »1 by th*1 nain* .m,l a.ldr. »s of the »»ritd, not neceffanl» foi publication, but as a t-uanntie ci po.».l filth. I orre^imndent« a-e nquested to inform Hie I'ditrr j if their letitia hi» J Ue.i e-nt ta .molli, r I PTti". ill.jHt.d litten vill not be rettiintd. Corre I s| omi. ntl aro l.lils'd to k.ep ro¡iic-i of thur 1 l.tt.l-. as tins rule «ill be ¡i.lluu.l to stnitl». Í f.i:Ni:n\L. . It i« no.ue&lt;teil tl.it nil bu-ir.e«« crmimmicitions I be rddrusv.1 tn th.- G.n.-ral M innrer, or to I \lil-"ti and Miikimitni, -Iii.. Ai-««" pillee. 'The latest tim.' for ree. inns- ad» erf ist ni. nts fir ¡ emit il.iv«iflratliii («»Ihn linn ii«-ire«iiilv lil. I li alh and FIIIIM.II .Notir. «) (ir 'The Amu«" is.-It Cltv and fiilimlun ill»»' «ti tilt«, 5 1". p in , at "Tile .\rt.'u«'* oiltr-e, S p.m. Insertion &lt;r eii-tnlleiition is not pummteci afioi S pi Adiml'nn» nt« should be ad.ln.-sed to tlu A vcitifimr Uipirtiiunt, not (o the Tditor. «ubscribei«, to "Tli° Aijru«" evpeneiiiine: ai .Intimity m obi lining tlnir pipers- are r «pi« Mi.l to coinmlinli.ite »»iib the Circulatu »tan.is-.T. "Tin- Anriii" onie.. Melbourne. C1. Hen! Olllce, "oí Lliiabeth siuit. Tel. 10111 (h lints) Tli" iddrrss cf (he London office ni "Hie Arctic" nnd "Tlii- Auslral.i'l.in" w Í0 l"lce| street. Lou. don, IHM. The Milne» lu inch oflice is at 20 O'connell street. M due»._ WKDXIJSD IT. SKl'TCMUKK IS, 191V. SUFFICIENT FOE THE DAY. Sir William McPherson mid Mr. Hogan agreed upon one point across the table of Hie legislative Assembly yesterday .afternoon-that ".something mu«t bo " done" about civilian and soldier settle- ment. The Premier promised thal somc tbing would be attempted hy lils Minis fry. The debate which preceded this announcement revealed the complicated situation thal has iiriscu out of the well intentioned efforts of Governments to settle people on the land. Mr. Coyle brought the whole matter forward on a motion for the adjournment of the House to plead the cause of country municipalities which cannot collect rate« from the settlers. The amount onlstand- ' ing, including interest, Is about £100,000, and in the view of .Air. Coyle (ho hard- ships Buffered by (he municipalities are to great that "something must bo done" for their relief. The fpiestion is, Who should do (hat something? lu the attempt to answer tho Question it was I shown that jio one was in a position to help. One of the Jlrst suggestion1! was that the municipalities should make an effort to collect the rates due. There- upon Mr, Old related the experience of tho .Swan Hill Shire. The settlers there owed £18,000, including arrears going back over eight years. The council issued 300 summonses, which were duly served by municipal officers, and the result of the effort was that £40 was collected at a cost of £70. The settlers were, not in a position to pay, and the shire-cowicll could not levy distress because tberei was nothing tovsci_e,''thc"e'quity'o- the land being in rho Closer 'Settlement Board. Other reasohs'"assbèlai:ed with public' policy would 'Lave prevented the shire council from talcing drastic stops, but the one reason was sufficient to prevent the drastic steps from being taken. Hoads liad; been constructed by the shire through property which before it had been subdivided had been producing revenue for,the shire and which re- quired less expenditure for the main- tenance of roads. The fertiliser and machinery merchants bad required the Closer Settlement Board lo guarantee payment before the settlers were sup- plied, and the Suggestion was made in Hie course of the debate that the board Oiould also guarantee rates to the municipalities!. That expedient, how- ever, would not solve anything, because (he board would not be able to recoup i(«elf from the earnings of the settler1:. There were many proposals for meeting the difficulty, Including the luminous suggestion that the State should borrow £S,000,000, liquidate the whole of the indebtedness willi the proceeds, and leave the liquidation of the loan to the "good old consolidated revenue." It was at that stage that Mr. Hogan, as' a former Treasurer, made his contri- bution to the debate. He showed that the accounts between the settlors and (ho Government were not so satisfac- tory that the Treasurer could afford to a «sume any further responsibilities. During last year the balance-sheet be- tween the Government and the settlers showed : Piiyment by Government for in- terest on loan .£1,270,000 .Administration expenses. 11-1,000 Wiitteiioit.,.. .. -113,000 £1,833,000 Less receipts in interest. -151,000 Charge against consolidntcil reve- nue for one year .£1,382,000 Mr. Hogan accepted the estimate of £8,000,000 as representing all that was due to the Government. The Trea- surer could not at present balance the general account, therefore the "good " old consolidated revenue" was in no position to como to the relief of the municipalities by borrowing £8,000,000 or any such mini. As in duty bound, Mr. Hogan pushed the matter further hack, and said that the Commonwealth was responsible for Ihe repatriation of soldiers and that it should be compelled to shoulder its responsibilities. There was no one to speak for the Com- monwealth Government, although Mr. Hogan was reminded that the States had insisted on undertaking soldier settlement when the question was first raised 12 years ago. Even if It were accepted, ns Mr. Hogan contended it should be, that the State Parliament was not to be bound by arrangements sanctioned by a previous Parliament, tlic taxpayer would not be in any way relieved by placing a responsibility on ihe Federal Government, which is now reduced to all sorts of shifts to balance its own accounts. There is no way of surmounting the difficulty excepting by paying the losses that have been In- curred, and prc-uraably that was In the mind of Sir William Mcpherson when he announced that the Ministry in- tended to "do something." jV.ll that has been don« cannot-be undone. The cost of most expensive blundering has to be met. Parliament could show (hat It lind learned some- thing hy experience, hut no indication ha« been given that anything has been learned. There cannot be the slightest doubt that the operations of (lie Kural Bank will result in a substan- tial loss to the taxpayer. When that ! possibility «as mentioned last week ] many members accepted it with cheerful j irresponsibility. Kven the Treasurer I admitted that the bank could not be ( expected to pay in its earlier years. The country freezing-works already owe ' the Government about £500,000, and the , losses" which the Government has guar 1 au Iced for another year are no doubt r luoniilliig np. This cheerful policy of ' going from one expensive blunder to ? another vii hont regard to the ultimate i results makes the iutiwe outlook de I pros-Jug. Deficits are caused by policies such as that which is costing (he Government £1,000,000 a year on closer settlement. Taxation is imposed to make up the difference between (he results expected by optimistic Govern- ments and the results actually achieved. The point lins been reached at which there are no further sources of taxation available either for l'ederal or State Governments. It is by no means .sure that .revenue receipts have "touched " bottom'' either in the redorai or State Treasuries. The indications are all the other way, and everyone seems to see the indications and to prolit by them excepting the Governments which alone have power to (urn the knowledge to account. Delegates of the Irish Free State at Geneva have signed the optional clause ol' the statutes of the Permanent Court of International .fnstice without any reservations whatever. For a long time it has been evident that the Free State, exultant in (ho possession of sove- reignty, lins been anxious to assert its rights in any and every direction. This latest stop will probably be followed by withdrawal from the jurisdiction of the Privy Council, of which warning was given long ago. When all that the Empire has given to Ireland is remem- bered this conduct can be regarded neither as magnanimous nor edifying. South Africa, while dominated politi- cally by the Xationalist party, is uncer- tain in her policy toward the optional clause, hut Canada should be found using her .influence against any attempt lo decide Imperial issues in a foreign court. Tile Free State must take the consequences of its hardihood. One of, these will be (hat in the future Free Stale loans raised within the Empire will no1 fall within the category of trus- tee stuck. Only the loans of a Dominion ioknowledglng the jurisdiction of the Privy Council are so regarded. The Free State cannot have privilege with- out responsibility, Xolhiug said by the deputation which protested to the Chief Secretary yester- day against the proposed reduction of racing raises any sound objection lo the State Ministry's instalment of reform. Even had the case advanced been much stronger it would not have disposed of tile fundamental need for curbing an activity which bas grown to the dimen- sions of a social and an economic evil. The lack of objection offered since the proposals were first announced Indi-, eales that the people as a whole are with i lie Ministry in a reform which is long overdue. It would be surpris- ing if no interests were prejudicially affected in some degree. Vested inter- ests are associated with most common ills. It is an unfortunate argument that in 11 years the population of Mel- bourne will bo such that all present racecourses will be required. That can only moan that the present population. Is over-supplied witli racecourses. Some unemployment may be caused, but the healthier economic conditions which must follow the elimination of waste of time and money will more than re- dress the balance. Xo special pleading should influence the continuance of a state of affairs which takes men away from productive work and diverts a stream of money into unprofltnble chan- nel--. Public sympathy will he with the Minister for Education (Mr. Cohen) in lils efforts to open the, Victoria Park oval to Collingwood Slate school chil- dren. The principle involved-the right of the people generally to use public reserve-is even more important than tile provision of playing facili- ties for the children,. It is hearten- ing to lind one Minister defending this right, after recent instances of the success of aggressive sectional inter- ests. The Collingwood Council, in its role of champion of a selfish monopoly, ;ues that the improvements on the oval would be damaged if school chil- dren were allowed to play on it regu- larly. This is a gratuitous,assumption which may or may not be sound. It is not easy to believe that a relatively small number of children would do more damage (o arena and stands than senior football teams and the many thousands of spectators at a premier- ship ma tch. In any case, fear of damage does not vitiate the principle that a reserve dedicated to the use of all should be free to all. Those who have been allowed (o erect fences and im- provements for their own purposes can- not claim a complete monopoly in order to protect the instruments of a partial monopoly. T'pholders of the doctrine of "one "man, one job" will read with much pulu of the versatility of the town clerk of Brighton (S.A.), who savs his coun- cil £-'70 a year by holding no fewer than 1_ jobs. It Is bad enough from the trade union point of view for only one man to bo working where 14 might have been employed ; it is far worse when an employer, the natural enemy of the whole race of workers, is thereby bene- fited. One can imagine the feelings of the unlucky 13 good unionists who might have been dog inspectors, nuisance in- spectors, and what not, at the result of the operations of this municipal monopolist. Such multifarious activi- ties would surely have incited Pooh Bali to fresh extensions of authority could he have foreseen them. Econo- mists who insist that the "division of " labour" is the characteristic feature of modern industrialism have some- thing to explain. This may be an age of ipeclalisation, but there appear to be atavistic influejMcs at work. It Is well known that a country policeman plays many patts: but- nu occasional town elcile ou ltniAc him f.u btliintl 'io boiroAA i plunge fiom Atllton, ho 'his ' titles ni niifold ' In A lew of tlio near approach of the Roi al »»hoi» i senes of pictures 01 exhibits and personalities at the Adelnde Mion «Inch nppeir m 'The Austnlisnn, ' the Common!» eiltli edit on of iilueh i" I"'' hshctl to dm, is of Epecul intctost The pictures include some line studies of Olde dale lioise» ind pedigicc cittlc The »&lt;n sationil defeat ot Collingwood bj Kuh mond in the semi fiuil mutch of the Mel bonnie League tool!) ill competition dealt ii ah bo.th m the letteiprc-s ind pietoml sections In the listmmtioiicd section tlicie ne photognphs (f the mi! Innis Hie ill ins-trill in eihiliition opened In the Pnmioi (»ii AAilhnn McPhei»on) in the 1 \liibiticn liuildm; 1« the smlij ct of i f i 1 pnce »f pieltue Mr Sil (,uen's stud it liieelius AI n»li is deilt ni*li ni the nci!i" pi0»s nil m ti Iietonil section Ullin picttiies el in tetei-t ii niiiii, men nieliide incidents it Hindu iel ("»wliiCAl md Moonee \ illej o i '»ifuidiA Ollie i iirtmes incliile ni neiml in« of Mmlj (\SAA ), ti» tom meieial ti noller» fete it A\ mnmnbool and tho llluny (\ 8 A\ ) «¡hera \n uticle appen mg m t) e niture ind "-elenco liag" ou the long no ed hindicoot is aNo ilhistt ited Ihe pitt!, deiotcd to the man ni the lind cinti ti i ni mbei of nilciest ing ulicle including one on fiuitgiovung and motile entilii . \u 1 ihcieiit Tarni A ccnri ii ni ttiu~ ri tlics« interested in the iro|0«nl to tend ibrojd Mia ¡luncy Alelr, the jouner Melboun e plmist for furtiiei musical cdu cidon »»ill be held at the Tun Hall on Iriday litrrnooii ft 1 ill pi«t J oc'ock The lord Alajor (Councillor II V I uilon) »»ill pieslde The mi u ii conference ot the Victorian ccottish 1m n o| is this murnini? it Du lesion! V (Ion 100 dcegites will ho present rci resenting IJ ilillnird s« elles fiom «li parts of licloih Hi second of the series of lccttiris under the iispicta if the Cimmumienith Institute if Ac loiinUnts Mill be held in the Austmliin Cliurch Russell street, to ni"ht at S o clock, nilen Mr If AA Huckle» Mill continue 1 is lecture on 1 cdcTAl Income la\ ' Mr I 1» More} will deliic- in address ci fllleil 'Jtcljllon of Toe II to Social Reform' it Hein» Gcoiite Club IS Ceoree parade oh 111 (&lt;Unis street Millot-ne, it S o doe. to ulgl t Di eussion Is lui It'll Air leieiial «erle «ill déliter i cuide lecturi AAlut i« a Oooil Picture at the National Cal 1er» »ti o'clock this aitcrnooi An n litres? on lliiniicl ii mlmiuistriti n » ill bo el in In 1 ii lessor Ciplinl at the fourtli meetltnr. of the Vlntorlm URioinl irroup ot Hie Institute o! Public A 4ihlnl«tntioii m Hie !»tl»in Hall Collin* co it S o clue to nisi t Tlio e intere^ti 1 ure itcu io liten t 