 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOURTEEN DAYS Australia's Air Hero Completes Record Solo Flight KINGSFORD SMITH ACCLAIMED WORLD'S GREATEST AIRMAN Tfen minutes ahead of scheduled time, Wihg-Commander C. E. Kingsford Smith reached the Mascot aerodrome this after ' noon, escorted by 1 8 aeroplanes, thus completing his long solo flight from London to Sydney in 14 days, and establishing yet another record. Sydney, October 22. The Southern Cross Junior new be neath a number of Aero Club machines, with, two large mono planes and the remaining smaller machines following. The aeroplanes flew across the harbor and the city, where hundreds of persons, attracted by the roar of the engines, stopped work to gaze* in admiration at the little re'eord-breaking aeroplane among its flight of admiring brothers. Perry boats shrieked with their whistles, and motor car horns joined in the noisy welcome. Immediately before Kingsford Smith's arrival, Sir Keith Smith, pioneer of the England-to-Australia flights, ad dressed, through amplifiers, the huge crowd which had assembled at Mascot aerodrome. Most Amazing Flight 'I am happy to be here to congratu late a namesake of mine,' he said, 'on what I venture to say is the most amazing flight the world has known. Kingsford Smith is undoubtedly the greatest airman the world has seen. I am proud that he is an Australian.' When the wheels of the Southern Cross Junior touched the Mascot aerodrome, the enthusiasm of the crowd crystallised, and deafening cheers drowned the roar of the engines of the aeroplanes. Distinguished public men present to welcome the aviator officially, forgot their distinction and raced across to his machine to congratulate him as he stepped from the cockpit, removed his goggles, and characteristically asked for a cigarette. The Assistant Minis ter of Industry (Mr. Beasley) welcomed him, on behalf of the Federal Govern ment. The Attorney-General (Mr. Boyce, K.C.) congratulated him for the State Government. Commander Gif ford, representing the State Governor (Sir Philip Game), the Mayor of Mascot (Alderman Alexander), and Flight Lieutenant C. T. P. XJlm added their congratulations. Flight-Lieutenant XJlm said that Kingsford Smith, by laying down a time table and not only keeping to it, but running ahead of it, showed that he was the No. 1 pilot of Australia and the world. Tribute to Hill In reply, Kingsford Smith paid a tribute to the sportsmanship of Plight Lieutenant Hill. 'I had to fly like the devil to catch up to him,' he said. 'Everyone in Australia will feel sorry for the bad luck that stopped him in the last hop. That last hop! What a hop it is! My navigation was the purest fluke, but 3 was lucky enough to hit it right in the eye,' Kingsford Smith was later welcomed at the Council Chamber at Mascot. There he 6aid that it was not until the eve of his departure from Eng land that he decided to 'have a go' at the record. At Rome he heard of the other fliers' success, and he decided to endeavor to lower the record. Pat on Back 'I cannot talk for nuts,' he eaid, 'and I would not if I could, but I would like to 6ay that what has touched me more than anything are the genuine pats on the back from old flying pals. 'Good show. Smithy,' they say, and I tell you it makes me feel gratified. After all, I have a bit of conceit, and I think I can fly a plane all right. When other people believe it, it makes me think I am right. I certainly hope that a certain girl has heard every thing, so that she can realise what a fine fellow she is getting.' (Laughter.) Kingsford Smith spent the evening with his parents at home. 