 Sydney To London By Air In 14 Days! CONTROL BOARD of one of the big Dutch 'planes. OFF TO AMSTERDAM! — Big 'plane takes off from Batavia. AMBITIOUS SCHEME PUT TO-P.M. ? w ? No Subsidy Is Required From Federal Government Dutch Company's Enterprise SYDNEY to London in 14 days I Such a trip looms as an early possibility. « 'TRUTH' is in a position to state than an official offer has been made to the Prime Minister, Mr. Lyons, by the Royal Dutch AirvOays Co. (K.L.M.), which at present flies over a route from Amsterdam to Bataoia, to extend its service to either Darwin or Wyndham, and there connect with an Australian internal aerial service. THE Prime Minister has not yet placed the matter be fore Cabinet, but if the Fede ral Government decides in favor of the scheme, an imme diate start with the London Australia service is contem plated. It Is stated In the offer that no sub sidy of any kind is required or expected. The Royal Dutch Airways Co. last month opened a straight-line accelerated service from Amsterdam to Batavia, with six-passenger trlpie-engined Fokker mon oplanes, engined with 450 h.p. Wasps. The distance, 9,600 miles, Is covered tn 81 daj-R. to be reduced from October I to 7j days. The service is now fortnightly, but from October 1 will be weekly. The Holland-BaUvia service has been in operation for over two years, and it will be recalled that some 18 months ago. one of the Dutch mail-planes made a good-will flight to Darwin, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra. The K.L.M. further expresses its will ingness, in the event of an Imperial Air ways service to Australia being estab lished to then retire from the field if the Commonwealth Government so de sires, or to carry on an alternate ser vice. 1 I -Day Service In the event of the proposal being ac cepted, the K.L..M. is willing to guar antee an 11-day service trom Darwin or Wyndham to London, making a It-day service from Sydney. The K.L.M. planes have a speed of 125 miles an hoar, and fly 1000 to 13Q0 *nlles a day, as the stages require. The same plane tiles through from Xmsterdam to Batavia, and would come on to Australia. The dally hops on the Amsterdam to Batavia route are to Athena, Cairo. Bagdad, Jask. Jodhpur, Calcutta. Ran goon or Bangkok, Medan, Batavia. At the beginning of this ypar. Sir William Nicholson, the British Govern ment's representative on the board of Imperial Airways, Ltd., came to Aus tralia.. Conversations then took place with the Federal Government on the possibilities of extending the Indian service from Karachi, via Calcutta, to Australia, link Ing up at Darwin with an Australian service. Many difficulties arose. The Govern ment was in no condition to give finan cial aid. The Australian companies could not provide the Australian link. In any caBe, their representatives wanted the water jump to Singapore, whereas Imperial Airways wanted to fly seaplanes from Calcutta to Rangoon. Singapore and Darwin. Had No Money Before anything else. Imperial Airways had to extend to Calcutta, which re quired a subsidy from the Indian Gov ernment, which had no money available. Altogether, subsidies of around {75,000 per annum were discussed, half from the British Government and half from the Commonwealth Government, for the CalcuttaMel bourne portion of the flight. In the end Sir William saw the Im possibility of such a service for the time e'VMoney Is the difficulty everywhere.' he remarked. Since his departure negotiations have been in progress f« the amalgamation of «!1 Ihe Australian air-Iincs. so far without success. Too high a value is put on nod-existent goodwills. 