 WORLD'S FIRST STRATO- PLANE! From London to Sydney in a Day! J &lt;,-}• i; . > v . ' Through the Upper Atmosphere. (By Louis Guerchais.) Two nations, Germany and France, are at present building machines called stratoplanes to fly in the stratosphere, the rarefied region high above,the clouds. To study the exact naturfc of the stratosphere and also to investigate solar radiations. Professor Piceard will shortly make another balloon ascent similar to last yefer f s, when-he attained a height of ten miles. ; •Iii the article below M. Louis Guerchais, the' designer of the French stratoplane, tells of how he hopes to athifcve $uch great speeds in the stratophere that a machine could fly froiii Lottdoh to Sydney a day. AviaHon ifi high altitudes has -been my - raUftg passion for many years, but it was not until 1929 that I gave serious attentiori tci thfe deisigh bf the "stratosphferic" 1 ^airplane, iand in Feb" ruary, 193©) I comfiS^ftfeed to construct the machine which is now in the stage of'-eotftpletfen- 1 ' ' We await 'only the delivery of the engthfe are wdrkthg apo n the adaptatiefi bf the fcortpressor^a task wh:th demands a great deal of time. However;'1 fean statie that about the middle of this year k at the latest, the machine will dep&rt upon its first voyage. The airplane is constructed entirely of wood, for in the exceedingly low temperature of" th£ higher air strata metals become fragile and useless, with ! the solfc exception of duralumihium. The propeller, however, is a metal. Ratier of three blades, whose speed may be controllfed itt flight by d* a. special electrical apparatus, will turn only at half-Speed: The airtight cabin is a- sort of a cylinder" surmounted by a cupola. This cylinder is of duraluminium plate, two 'millimetres ifi thicknfess; it can accommodate the pilot and his assistant. The cupbla, whjch alone will pi-oject from the fuselage, is furnished with special screws, and its Hd, which serves as a manhole, has a diameter of two feet. For the first trials, up to the altitude of four or five miles, we shall not use this lid or cap. But when we clim'b higher, this lid will be closed. The pilot and his assistant will be very much like the navigators of a Submarine, and a £mall compressor will furnish them with air. * They will have in .addition some flasks of oxygen to ensure complete safety, and batteries of oxylite will purify the atmosphere in which thev will be confined. Up to five-miles altitude, the water radiator will remain wide open. After that altitude is passed it will be too active, and we have provided shutters to diminish its radiating surface gradually as the altitude is increased. As to the air radiator of the compressor, it will have a radiating surface of thirteen square yards, and, since it would also become too active at high altitudes, shutters have again been provided. Finally, for the oil radiator, the solution is identical; its power will increase with the altitude and shutters have been provided to prevent this increase. We shall find the principal cultv in the firing of the enginel we have already taken precauf and I have reason to hope tha| ignition will function perfectly, in the rarefied air of the stratopl As I have said, by the middle ol year we shall be flying at high! tudes, but not immediately in| stratosphere. Little by little we shall try! machine tin to the altitude or [ miles. Once, arrived at that altif we shall there study the reactior the machine, and even climb to miles to continue our irivestigat| And only after we have studied peculiarities of the ifferent strat| atmosphei-e from all points of shall we attempt our final goa soaring to 12 miles—or. I think safe in saying, even 15 miles hi£ The advantages of the stratos^ (which begins about five and miles up) over the troposphere lies nearer the earth) have bee] cussed and debated for many ye^ scientists. CertRin celebrated savants hold thst the stratosphere is the ideal zone for aerial navigation, since it is much clearer thari the troposphere—it being understood that cloud formation ! and atmosphene ; perturbations are ^there unknown. The speed of the wind e^nally dimirilfihed: "• Oih^r schtilai*s; ^no less distinguished, affirm that from soundings' tak^n iti' th^ ktratesph'sre there apjpear to b~fe enormous diffefenc^s of tempera^ ture between p6irtts little dist&ttt and situated Upon' pfaeticaliy the same horizontal- plane, yertitally, the differences of temperature are much less aiid a greit m&lt;ife progressive; in other w&lt;Jrds, thte theoretical calm of the stratosphere exists in reality in but bne- dimension—the vertical. Above ten miles it is probable that vertical winds and ascending eddies are slight; but it is equally probable that the horizontal winds ar e constant ahd of great intensity, their speed "being about rgo milep an hour. • But the discussions of the savants now seem to have been closed by the experience of > Professor Piccard, whose balloon, as everyone knows, travelled dnly 400 miles during 18 hours ©f fight itl the' stratosphere. Thus, if h0rizontal winds, so much discussed, really 'exist in the stratosphere. Professor Piccard would have certainly encountered them. I am convinced that the near future will furnish us with a satisfactory response to this much-discussed' question. For the present, we may base our calculations upon the experiences of Professor Piccard, and we can say with all certainty that from the point of view of aviation the stratosphere presents undeniable advantages ^ver the troposphere— which latter is in a continual state of movement under the influence of the earth. Being farther removed from the earth and less under its influence, the stratosphere should be much calmer. For this reason, apart from the increase in speed, the gain in economy and security, obtained "by flying in the stratosphere should be considerable. But there are still other advan- , tages. The cruising: radius of a stratospheric plane is double that of the ordinary plane. Thus, in ten hours, a stratospheric machine, carrying. a pilot and a navigator, could make the Paris-New York flight, which is but a test machine, we shall crete the realisation of that beautiful dre^m—considered urttil i now inerely a! fantasy—which hal stirred the airmen of all nations;' the dretori of lunfch in Paris 4nd dmnei"'in Net* York. As I stated before, my first stratospheric machine is an all-wood monoplithe. It - is Of the low cantilever wing design. Its span is a little »Ver 19 yards, length IS yards, its height four yards. a ! nd its supporting stifface 49 square yards. The wing of two longereris hdtnr a. thickneas of • 32 inches at the juncture with the fuselage; the entire fUSelage and the wings are double-veneered, - , Thfe comjifessbfr, which weighs about 165 pounds, and of the cehtrifugal type, with th*e e felades, has a speed of 12,500 resolutions" per minute. It is able' to maintain" atmospheric pressure of nearly foUr and'a 'half miles, and absorbs 133-h.p. of thfe total engine power. From four and a half miles to the "ceiling," its power diminishes upon a curve determined by ratio between the compression produced by the machine and the pressure at the respective altitudes. With a total weight of 5»SOO pounds the "ceiling" attained Would be about nine and a half miles, and the speeds would be 210 miles per hour near the earth. 250 at an altitude of four and a half miles, and 200 at eight miles ; up. With 'the surdharge of 5.5&lt;*> pounds—that is, a total weight of if,000 pounds—the speeds wduld be reduced to 180 miles per hour near the fround and 240 at four and a half miles (we lose very little speed at this latter altitude by an increase of 50 per cent, in the weight). At eight miles up the speed would be 195 in place of 200 miles per hour. The engine will 'be a Lorraine type "Orion" of 18 cylinders, giving 825- h.p. up to an altitude of four and a half miles, with 2,100 revolutions per minute 