 GIRL FLIER LANDS AT MASCOT Wonderful Reception From Huge Crowd 22 Days From London SYDNEY, May 30. Miss Jean Batten, the young New Zealander, who left England on May 8 in a Gipsy Moth plane on her third attempt to fly solo to Australia, had a wonderful reception when she landed at Mascot aerodrome this afternoon on her 22nd day out from London. Despite a blustering hard southerly wind. Miss Batten made a gooa trip from Narromine, which she left at noon. On landing she v-as immedi ately surrounded by cheering crowds. Nearly 4,000 people, in which women predominated, filled the Mascot aero drome at an early hour this afternoon. The air was full of machines of all descriptions circling and waiting for Miss Batten's arrival. When her plane came in sight with the escort, a burst of cheering shook the crowd. There was a strong southerly blowing, but Miss Batten circled gracefully and made a perfect landing. In a moment the plane was the centre of a seeth ing mass of people. Wearing a heavy flying suit and a white helmet. Miss Batten stepped from the machine smiling to face a battery of cameras. Two women, not to be de nied, pushed their way past the .offi cers and. flinging their arms around Miss Batten's neck, kissed her heartily, amid goodnatured applause. The little flier took it all with a delightful smile. Representatives of the State Gov ernment, of the Governor-General, and the Ljeutenant-Governor of New South Wales and high officials of the Army, Navy, and Air Force were on the plat form to welcome her. Miss Batten was wildly cheered when she rose to respond. "I want you all to know now pleased I am to be here this afternoon," she said, "to realise that I am so near my native land, and have accomplished the flight successfully. I arrived in Aus tralia the day before Empire Day. and I hope that my Sight will help to strengthen the great bonds, not only between England and Australia and New Zealand, but also between all the Dominions and colonies' of our great Empire. "On my flight from Darwin to Syd ney I have had with me an escort pro vided by Lord Wakefield. and this is just another example of his generosity, without which I could not have accom plished this flight." Town Hall Welcome Miss Batten was officially welcomed by the Premier (Mr. Stevens) and the Lord Mayor (Aid- Parker) at the Town Hall tonight. In a short speech. Miss Batten paki special tributes to Lord Wakefield, "without -s-hose generosity my flight could not have been accomplished." and her mother who, she said, made sacrifices in order that she might at tain her ambition. Miss Batten's speech was broadcast by 30 stations. Communication vas also made with Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, in San Francisco. Miss Batten thanking him for his cable of conijra tulaticn. She said that she had thought of him that afternoon when crossing Richmond Aerodrome, as it was there, in 1929, he took her up in his historic Soutben Gran lor tan first flight 