 i Air Mail Service. LONDON IO SYDNri ? -+ ? IN ELEVEN DAYS I r^«^c- Hei «A%r£-;_r,?ssffl i.* nnothei das ?™s Vil^l «m amicably the iouU. to ^ fiow. i^ Impcini ahw li\-^c~-. n^uoijwm ittily ' 'Ihis has neces itated passen gers by air routes- to or from India oi South Afiica tiavelling fiom Pan to Bnndisi by tiain With a dnecL flight riom London to the Italian an poi t to be decided upon it will be pos sible to exi 'dile bol h the Indian ind South Afiican ben ice by anothei d ij This will bring Singapore -within seven days. of London. The distance fiom Lo idon to Singa pore by air is ofilcially calculated at 8648; miles. This will give'an average daily flight of slightly less- than 1250 nuica. -duuiu. uuya ii/.. wuluu. uu inurtr and some less. The air journey from Singapore to Sydney is about 4800. On the sanu basis tint fli«ht should not occupy more than, four days. This would bring- Sydney within 11 days of London. According to the provisions of the tnndei schedule submitted bj the ledeial Go\ eminent to tendeieis loi the Brisbane-Singapore section of the journey, between Australia and Lon don the managois of the seivice may 1/iovido foi a bix dajs journey between Brisbane and Singapore. This'- -gives an ivemge daily flight of shuhtly ovei 700 mileb This is considered absuidly low havinir rocard to; the, snee'eta or modem commoieial ahciaft many ol which can make up to 150 miles pel hom when canying an oidinaiy pij load It is uiged tlmt theie is no leason whj with tho appioval of the Pedei il Government, the contractors for the new seivlce should not be able to miki the Biisbane-Slngapoie flight within foui days making the staiting and landing times such as will peimit pas sengeis fiom Sydney to join the out weid aeioplane the day of leaving and on the day ot uiival to leave BUsbane in time foi Sydney to be reached be iuiu; umi^..' j.nut' .wuuiu..gJivu-r..a. iwo way 11-day seivice between Sjdney and London which is the least the useis of that seivice have a light to expect from the Government and tho oigan iseis of the seivice i Dissatisfaction is felt in aviation and ccmmoicifil oircles at the delay of the Pedeial Government in making an an nouncement as to when the Biiban3 k?iiiejuisyiv. . o£i;iuuii. :ui. niu. ? aui vice is likely to commence The tendei foims provide foi an inteivai of six months foi the successful tendeiei to oiganise the sen ice fiom the date of the accept ance of the tendei If the mattei be de'ayed much longei oy the Pcdeial Government theie is a possibility that the seivice will not be oiganised until the end of the picsent yeai Theie weie anticipations encouiaged by the Government that tho service would bo in opeiation in June next Tho lesponsibility foi the Inaugura tion of tlie seivice now lests with the Federal Government 