 Sydney Day by Day. (By "Tasman.") , SYDNEY, Wednesday. H. V. "Jimmy" London Honored: A complimentary dinner tendered to H V. ("Jimmy" Loudon nt Hie Hallway Refreshment Kooma on Saturday "nd » Tasmanian interest, inasmuch as London caine from tho "Apple isle' about 10 years ORO to taite up a position willi thc head oflice of thc Commonwealth Bunk, with which institution he. is std asso ciated. The North Shore 1'ootball Club, "of which London bas been a piny in« member during tho whole of bis residence here, acted as hosts, and there was an at tendance of 100, representing every team in Sydney and the New South Wales League. Mr. S. H. Donnelly, president of the club, and New South Wales dele gate to the Australian National, 1'ootball Council, presided. In a eulogistic speech, Mr. Donnelly referred lo tho fact that their -guest had occupied tho full-back position for N.S.W. in three carnivals in Melbourne. Adelaide lind Sydney res pcctivelv-and had found a place in every iiitcr-Stnte side selected over a per iod of 10 years. lt was an achievement to be' proud'oTi and was a worthy ex ample to recruits joining senior ranks. During thc whole of that period London had never been reported for a breach of tho rules or unseemly conduct. Ile hud airo taken a prominent part in tho ad ministrative side of his club. Mr. II. G. Harris (president of the N.S.W. Football League), Mr. Harry Smith (chairman nf thc management committee) and Mr.- H. Key« (president of thc Eastern Suburbs Football Club) supported Mr. Donnelly's remarks. London, who was thc recipient of a gold wristlet watch, which hail been sub scribed lo by hundreds of followers of tho code, in replying, stn ted that he felt it incumbent upon himself to retire, to be able lo give more nf his attention to his profession. Ho had already accepted a position on his club's management com mittee, and, if aeccptablcj his services would be available to the League at a future dale. London has been an outstandingly popu lar figure in the code in Sydney, and his retirement ns a player is regretted by club and League officials and by players alike. Before coming to Sydney London played with tho Devonport team, mid was accepted by North Shore on the recom mendation of Rev. T. J. O'Donnell. Tasmanian Association: Members of the Tasmanian Associa tion ure bestirring themselves at tho mo ment, following n most successful annual meeting, the best from an attendance point of view for many years. Yesterday lady members attended in large numbers at tho Pickwick Club, Pitt Street, where a pleasant afternoon was spent. Thc function was originally intended as a complimentary reception to Mrs. J. A. Lyons, but she was unable_lo be present Dwing to indisposition. Not desiring a postponement, however, tho committee decided to go ahead with thc arrange ments, and tho function was a complete success. Mr. Palmer Kent, a noted trav eller and an cx-1'asmnuian, delivered an interesting address on Java. Musical numbers were rendered by Mesdames Os car Gregory and Gordon Harris, while Mrs. J. Bosisto's elocutionary numbers were much appreciated. Mrs. S. H. Donnelly, president of tho ladies' execu tive committee, acted as hostess, and was assisted by Mesdames T. H. Crane and II. G. Harris and Miss Ruby Piesse. Lady Butters, Lady Taylor and Mrs. R. C. flagon (ox-Lady Mayoress) were the guests of flic committee. Thc men's committee is completing ar rangements for tho annual dinner and dance to bo held next month. The date has not been fixed definitely, as u special effort is being made to secure tho at tendance of the Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons), whose movements at tho moul ent, _ consequent upon thc forthcoming election, aro somewhat uncertain, lt i.&lt; nracticafly assured, however, that Mr. Lyons will bo able to attend. The incoming office-beavers arc:-Pat ron. Sir Homy Braddon ; president, Mr, S. H. Donnelly: vice-presidents, Messrs W. T. Courier, J. G. Murphy. II. G. Har ris. R. C. Hngon, Stafford Crime and W Jeffrey and Miss R. Piesse: committee Messrs. C. E. Woodman. B. A. M'Miehcn. E. 0. Button. T. H. Crane, T. Dobie, R Henry, T. Monks and G. J. V. Conk; treasurer. Mr. N. .Bignall: secretary. Mr J. G. Charlton; auditors, Messrs. Wood man and Button. Whales and Killers: A light on a grand neale betwcci whales and killers look pince tho otho; day off South Head. It was waged foi moro than an hour between eight whales ranging in length up to 00 feet, und kill ers up to 10 feet long. Tho killers trice to drive tho whales into thc harbor, am in their efforts to do so formed a cor don. snapping nt the tongues and bpi of thc whales, and rounding them ut like dogs , rounding up sheep. The wntci wa» churned into fonm as tho whulei lashed about clumsily with their tails ii frantic efforts to keep off the killers. Whonovcr a whale was bitten on the lip. lt lifted -its heart out of the Water and roared like a bull. The contest was watched by bimdrcdi of people from thc Gnp and other sur rounding cliffs. Mr. 1!. Bell, iissislnnt signal-mhster » South Head, and a former Tasmanian told an "Advocate" representative thu' the killers drove tho ,whalcs almost oi the rocks below thc station, the killen snupping at the lips and tongues of tin terrified creatures. Eventually thc whale broke away and roared ns they ewan north past tho harbor entrance. Mr Hell explained that thc whale had ni tooth, whereas the killer was well armed dentally. In addition, the killer is re garded as "the fastest thing in the waler." The whale, when attacked, al ways seeks the open sea. Its chief wea pon of defence against the killer is that it can "sound" deeper than its opponent, and can remain at a greater depth for a longer period. Consequently, in au open sea race, the whale might gain a mlle on a killer by travelling deep. When a killer can drive a whale into shallow waler, the whale is practically at its mercy. Whales travel north ut this timo of Hie year in order to calve in warmer waler, said Mr. Hell. When they are on the return journey with their calves about September, the calves are an easy lucy lo killers if the 'latter are encoun tered . Circular Quay: Property-holders and businessmen in the Circular Quay area are still seeming ly ns impoverished as ever through tho diversion of passenger traffic from thc North Shore ferries lo thc Harbor Bridge railway, thousands who previously tra velled lo and from tho city via the Quay now coming and going by thc Wynyard underground station route. Tho secretary of tho Circular Quay Association, in an uddress at the Millions Club (a city busi nessmen's club) on Monday, claimed that the present condition of the Quay was a national disgrace, due lo thc 'traffic di version mid to thc transference of over sea shipping to Woolloomooloo, which lat ter area had not even benefited by thc change, be stated. The building of a cen tral railway station al the Quay had been advocated for over half a century, and in thc Harbor Bridge scheme there was provision for an important station there. More than £1,500,000 was spent in tho construction of portions of underground tunnels from St. James' station towards Circulnr Quay and this was costing £50.000 yearly in interest. The speaker urged that portion of thc £3,000,000 to the credit ol' thc Unemploy ment Relief Purni should be spent on the completion of tho railway, so absorb ing hundreds of those out of work. Tho linc would pay from the day it' was open ed and would relieve the tram conges tion iu city streets, particularly in Pitt street. Further representations, in the form of deputations, ure to be made to the Gov ernment almost immediately, but it is doubtful if anything concreto will conic of the moves for sonic considerable time, especially in view of thc enormous loss on thc Harbor Bridge, generally accepted as being built bah" a century before its time. Another Council at War: Several months ago, as reported previ ously, the Minister for Local Government. (Mr. Spooner) was forced to place an ad ministrator in charge of the nffuirs of thc Bankstown Municipal Council, owing lo irregularities on tho part ' of councillors regarding thc letting of contracts without first calling tenders. And the administra tor' is ftill there! Now. however, thc Cabramatta Council is "playing up" and a dispute is being waged which is virtu ally developing into a departmental war. When a couucillor died recently, thc council refused lo hold a by-election to fill thc vacancy, because thc general mu nicipal elections arc to bc held this year. The Minister insisted that tho law must be carried out: nu election was held, and tho vacancy filled. Councillors then de cided lo declare future meetings of tho council "black" (both Bankstown and Cabramatta are in Labor political strong holds), and only four attended a meeting called for Saturday. There was no quor um, and tho meeting was adjourned until lo-morrow. Councillors state that they will again absent themselves, the position being that thc majority of the councillors seem determined that meetings shall not bo held, ns if the intcnliou is that the newly-clceted councillor shall bc prevent ed from taking his scat. However, thc Minister is just as determined that the meetings shall bc held, and that the council shall function in its accustomed manner, so that developments may be ex pected any day. 1 