 ARMISTICE DAY. :o: LONDON CELEBRATIONS. Demand For Peace GREAT POPULAR CLAMOR.— NOTE OF DISLOYALTY. SYDNEY DEMONSTRATION.— GOVERNOR GAME'S SPEECH. LONDON. Sunday. Standing with a bare head at the Cenotaph, the King embodied the reverence of the peoples of the Em pire at the Armistice Day com memoration service, which was as solemn and impressive as in pre vious vears. The Australian High Commissioner. Mr. S. M. Bruce, laid a wreath on the Cenotaph on behalf of the Government and people of Australia. The crowd included thousands of wo men in mourning for sons and hus bands. From early this morning until late to-night, hundreds of thousands of Londoners filed past the Cenotaph, and visited the Unknown Warrior's tomb in tt;e Field of Remembrance. Major Anthony Eden, speaking at Stratford-on-Avon, urged the widest possible general disarmament bv inter national convention, but he depreciat ed any undue weakening of Britain's defences. The Foreign Secretary. Sir John Si mon. in a broadcast address to America, emphasised the urgent need for peace and advocated Anglo-American co-op eration. ARCHBISHOP'S DENUNCIATION. The Archbishop of Cork denounced the treaties of Versailles and Tiranot as prolonged acts of warfare. Their revision, he said, was indispensable as a preliminary to genuine peace. Christ ians must aid in the progress to in ternational law, opposition to the in ternational anarchy in which the world now lives must be continued. We must renounce any claim to absolute ex ternal ' sovereignity,, nor must we de mand'- in the last' resort to judge our own case. We Should do our utmost to accept the judgment of an interna tional authority, properly equipped to settle international disputes. If an international force were known to be sufficient it would probably never need to be used. The first step, he continued, was to pledge ourselves not to employ armed force except to repel actual attack or at the bidding of the international authority. Rev. J. T. Rhys, speaking at Ber- mondsey. suggested an impressive de putation to His Majestv. imploring him to launch a world effort directed to wards the abolition of war. ROYALTY DEPOSITS WREATH. The Duke of Kent, marching in the British Legion procession, laid a wreath on the Stone of Remembrance at Edin burgh on behalf of the King. The onlv discordant note in the cele brations in the British Isles was at Dublin, when youths burned the Union Jack. Twelve were arrested. Re public and ex-service men marched in protest against Imperialistic displays. BELFAST LOYALTY. At Belfast a crowd chased and man handled a man who would walk up and down during the period of two minutes silence, and they reproved a motorist for not stopping the engine of his car. The largest peace procession of un dergraduate students' demonstration yet held took place at Oxford, where, after the procession of ex-service men. thousands of students marched. They were forbidden to carry banners, but trades unionists bore flags inscribed "Scholarships, not battleships." SYDNEY CELEBRATION. SYDNEY. Monday. A huge crowd attended the Return ed Soldiers and Sailors' Imperial League's Festival of Remembrance at the Town Hall last night. The hall and precincts were packed by a crowd representative of every section of the community. The Governor (Sir Philip Game). Premier Stevens, and State and Fed eral ministers were present. Sir Philip Game, in the course of a short ad dress. said that the armistice was not a goal post, but it was a sign post, which pointed the way to peace. We still had a long wav to go. he added, to reach our goal of peace, and until that was reached, the pilgrim age which started in August, 1914. would not be finished; and it would never be finished unless each one of us was ready to do the same thing again. He did not mean in war, but he meant in our daily lives we should try to bring peace. Peace could come ojjly through poll- Weal action, such as conferences, if every one of us was ready for it. Hp asked his listeners not to be dis couraged. The world might seem to be re-arming; but if enough of us had the will, peace would come sooner or later. PREACHERS' VIEWS. Preaching at the Newtown Congre gational Church. Rev. W. L. Fair said Europe was an armed camp. It was only waiting for some bloodthirsty fool to light the fuse which would again devastate life. At Bondi Methodist Church. Rev. Piper declared that in the event of another war. youth, organised labor, and the Christian Church could not be counted upon to bark it. Preaching at St Andrew's Cathe dral. D"an Talbot said it was not the fault of our statesmen, but of the people, that the world rumbled again with the fear of another war. The trouble was that people did not think peace. They were drifting along the stream of former thought and philoso phy . 