 AIR MAIL SERVICE London To Sydney IN ELEVEN DAYS The proposal of Imperial Airways Li uiiled to hasten the service between London and Singapore, so as to make a regular eight-day timetable practicable either way, is of the greatest iniport auce to Australia (says the Sydney "Ucral&lt;l"|. There is also the possibility that this section of the journey wilt be further accelerated within two or three mantua by another day. This will be possible as soon as thc negotiations, now ulmusl completed, between the British and Italian Governments, have settled amic- ably the route to be flown by the Im- perial Airways' services over Italy. At present the Italian Government has political objections to any regular air service, other than national, being flown over thc southern section of Italy. This has necessitated passengers by air roules to or from India or South Africa travelling from Paris tb Brindisi by train. With a direct flight from Lon- don to the Italian nil port to be de- cided upon, it will be possilile to ex- pedite both the Indian and Sou'h Afri- can service by another day. This wil! bring Singapore within seven days «I London. Thc distance from London lo Singa- pore by air is officially calculated ut 8(148 miles. This will give an average daily flight of slightly less than I2fl0 nillcs. Home days it would he more and some less. The air journey from Singapore to Sydney is about 4S0D. On thc same basis that flight should not occupy more than four days. This would bring Sydney within ll days of London. BRISBANE-SINGAPORE. According to thc provisions of the lender schedule submitted by the Fed ral Government to tenderers for thc Brisbane-Singapore section of the jour- ney between Australia and London, Hie managers of the service may provide for a six days' journey between Bris- bane and Singapore, This gives an average daily flight of slightly over 700 miles. This is considered absurdly low having regard to the speeds of modern! commercial aircraft, many of which can make up to ISO miles per hour when carrying an ordinary pay load. It is urged that there is 110 reason why, with the approval of thc Federal Government, the contractors for the new service should not be able to make the Brisbnne-Siupipore flight within four days, making the starling und lauding times such ss will permit pas- sengers from Sydney to join the out- ward aeroplane the day of leaving, and on the day of arrival to leave Brisbane in time for Sydney to be rearhnil be- fore dark. That would give iv two ivny 11-day service between Sydney and London, which irs the least the user» of that service have a right to expect from the Government and the organisers of the service. Dissatisfaction j* felt In aviation «nd commercial circles at the delay of the pederal Government in making n;i an- nouncement as to when tin» Brisbane Singapore section of the service is likely to commence. The tenH ? formp pro- vide for «n interval of six months for tlie suceesstul tenderer to organise the sorv'ee from the date of the acceptance of the lender. If the matter be delayed much longer hy the Federal Government there is a possibility that the service will not he organised until the end of the present year. There were anticipa- tions, encouraged by the Government, that the service would be in operation in .Tune next. Tile responsibility for the inaugura- tion of the service now rests with thc Federal Government. There is an aggregate of 6750 miles of railways in the (stats) sf Quean« ?«a>d. 