 SeveivDay Service From London to Sydney Further Development of Aviation SYDNEY, Tuesday:— Matters of vital importance in the future de velopment of air transport through out the Empire are under consid eration by Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and India. As far as the Australian mail services are concerned, a service from Lon don to Sydney in seven days is one of the main features of the . plan being considered, and it will be put into force in 1937, if not next year. - I The special use of aeroplanes in case of national emergency also is being considered. Flying boats now under construction in Britain will have a cruising speed of 150 to 155 miles an hour and will weigh, when loaded, 20 to 25 tons. Each flying boat will be able to carry 60 passengers, in addi tion to mail matter. It is stated the flying boats each will be able to carry 150 fully equipped soldiers. One object in view is to hasten adoption of plans for sending all first- class mail matter between different parts cf the Empire by air. An extension of the service between Australia and London which will be carried out at an early date will be from either Singapore or Bangkok to Hong Kong. This service is of Imper ial interest, but will be of . immense assistance to Australia in the devel opment of trade between Australia and Japan and China. The next extension will be the dup lication of the service between Aus- j »i » uniiummm! i tralia and London, with Sydney as the i terminal. By a re-arrangement of the! present schedule it would be possible! for mail matter from London to be ' delivered in Sydney almost a day earlier than at present without inter fering with the schedule. Extension of the service from Syd ney to New Zealand pre-supposes that large modern flying boats eventually will be used on all, or most, of the route between London and New Zea land, and that passengers may have full facilities of a through route for the journey. It is understood che British Government is prepared To hasten a decision by Australia and New Zealand on the scheme by sub sidising the extended service to the extent of almost 50 per cent, leaving a similar subsidy to be provided joint ly by the Australian and New Zealand Governments. 