 SEVEN DAYS' Air service. Delegates Discussing New Scheme. AUSTRALIA TO LONDON. SYDNEY, Tuesday. Proposals placed before a con* ference between Federal members and the British air delegation yes terday Included the carriage of all first-class malls by air at a chrap flat rate, a seven days' service be tween London and Sydney, and the substitution of flying boats on a coastal route from Darwin to Syd ney for the existing inland service by aeroplanes. JT la expected that the meeting will last about three days. Mr. A. ParkhlU (Minister for De fence) stated that difficulties Mould Imvo to bo overcome beforo such attractive scheme could be applied to Australian conditions. "Tho use of Hying boats," he yah), "would involve tho opening of a new coastwise route from Darwin to Syd ney. which tho Commonwealth would be loth to adopt, not only on account of the additional cost of opening this now route, but also because wo have already gone somo considerable dis tance In developing tho land 'plane service between these centres, and. wo would hesitate to withdraw from tho residents of thos« inland parts benefits of air communication which they have enjoyed for so long. Night Flying. "Tho acceleration of the son Ices to an eventual seven days tline-tablo between-London and Syduev la to bo; brought about mainly by the introduc tion of more extensive night ilylug, which is generally regarded as being Inevitable. One of the most import* ant aspects of this question is the acceleration of tho service to a seven days trip. "As far as we can see at the moment the added cost to the Commonwoalth under tho new proposal is in the vicinity of £200,000 per annum, and this as pect will need to be very care fully Investigated and considered by the Commonwealth. This, of course, is not an insuperable dif ficulty If other aspects are satis factory and If It is to the advan tage of Australia." Astonishing Crowth. Sir Frodorlck Williamson (Director of Postal Services in Britain) said that tho origin of their visit was tho astonishing growth made in Europe and the Empire generally in air com munications. The scheme was to gi gantic, and the poiutB of dotail so numerous and Important, that It nnd taken a long tlmo to formulato It, and the difficulty of discussing it in tho ordinary way was obviously so great that the delegation had been sent to Australia to deal with the matter. They had shown faith in their own goods by travelling by air themselves, and It bad given them some idea ot Australia's tremendous distances. The delegates (hen began their de liberations in private. 