 London to Sydney in Pour Days Now that the first Empire flying boat is Ih the air, the acceleration ! of Empire communications has j ceased to be a thing of the future, j It has become established in Hie present. The service cruising singed of these t boats, which was specified in the ordin al contract to be not less than 145 in.p.h., has been established at ui.«re than 160 rn.p.h., and a top speed of nearly 200 rn.p.h. has been obtained. With these boats it will be possible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealand in five days, from London. The figures are obtained from the cruis ing speed in 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule, and a service faster than seven days is un likely for at least three years after the beginning of the service. In the old N days, refuelling would have taken longer than the four "spare" each day, but nowadays, this essential service has been reduced to minutes. The Shell Company has a float at Athens which can pump fuel into a flying-boat at the rate of nearly 5,000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuel ling would occupy about 20 minutes three times each day. Use of Flying Boats. The use of flying boats by Imperial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and pias :;engers will live on board the flying boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Australia through the contractor-will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, regu lar service planes bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southhampton. The crews will be changed at regular points-in similar manner to the railways-but it is hoped to perfect a scheme where by all pilots, including the Australians, become conversant with every section of the route. Efficient Equipment. In point of equipment, the new fly ing boats will carry more efficient navi gating equipment than the great ocean iiuers. Apart from an automatic pilot, there will be directional and beam wire less equipment, radio compass, and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry 16 pas sengers-the fare is £160. plus ex change-and to reserve 3| tons for. car riage of mails and freight. 