 AIR RECORDS PLANNED. ENGLAND-SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS. Stop Only at Singapore. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE.) LONDON, Nov. 3. A flight from England to Sydney in three days, including a stop at Singa- pore, is envisaged by the Air Ministry. The Ministry is carrying out the most intensive investigations into methods by which Britain, early in 1938, might add two major world flying records to the aeroplane height record established by a British machine in June, thus regaining the laurels held in 1934, when Britain held the records for height, speed, and distance flown non-stop from point to point-an achievement no other nation has equalled. There Is no doubt that a non-stop flight to Australia by a Vickers-Wellesley "Geodetic" bomber, which is equipped with twe super- charged engines, would have shown results It can carry a heavy bomb load for 2300 miles non-stop. The elimination of the military load and the installation of extra fuel tanks and ar- rangements for the comfort of two pilots are expected to provide a machine capable of flying 7000 miles non-stop at economical cruising speeds. The aeroplane would start from Cranwell or Mildenhall, which each provide a long practical take-off, and fly to Singapore. The distance between the two points Is 6700 miles -sufficient to surpass by 400 miles the present world record held by the Soviet pilots who Rev, from Moscow to the United States via the North Pole. The Russian fliers averaged 103 miles an hour. The Vickers-W lesley, evei» throttled down to secure the least pos- sible consumption of fuel, should average not less than 140 miles an hour, which Is 40 miles an hour below the normal operational cruising speed From Singapore the aeroplane is expected to continue its journey of 4500 miles to Svdney with no other halt CHALLENGE TO SPEED RECORD. The present land 'plane speed record of 352 4 miles per hour was achieved by an American. A likely challenger is the Super marine Spitfire single-seater fighter, which is officially stated to be the world's fastest mill tar., aeroplane. It Is probably capable of speeds in the neighbourhood of the present record when carrying a full military load. With the 'plane shorn of its load, with the wings clipped to diminish head-resistance, and with the engine tuned up to give for a short period greatly augmented nower, the pilot of the Spitfire would appear to have the land 'plane record in his pocket. A commentary on the amazing advance of British aircraft engineering may be found In the fact that a similar achievement is probably even within reach of some of the new twin-engined aeroplanes The Bristol Blenheim bomber "Mark one" is conservatively stated by the Air Ministry to be able to attain 279 miles per hour in level flight with a full service load Some of these machines have been ordered by the Australian Air Force 