 FffiST PICTURES OF REVIVAL OF ORDER OF GARTER CEREMONY FLOWN FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY IN TEN DAYS. Miss Joan Tyler, the daughter of Captain A. Tyler, of Rose Bay, was an interested spectator at the polo at Kyeemagh yesterday afternoon. A Town and Country Blues player sends the ball travelling in the direction of the Narro wells* goal during the match at Kyeemagh yesterday for the Garvan Cup. Taken in the grounds of Windsor Castle on the morning of June 14, j this picture of the King and Queen attending the Order of the Garter service, reached Sydney yesterday, by regular air mail routes, in ten days. Mr. G. B. McCreedie, of New Zealand, chatting with Captain Pat Gardiner, of the 8th King George V Own Light Cavalry, before the Narrowells v Town and Country Blues polo match at Kyeemagh yesterday. The North Coast S.N. Company's new motor vessel Comara (751 tons), which is due at ¡Sydney on her maiden voyage from Glasgow next week. She is intended for the trade between Sydney and the northern rivers. The photograph, which is the first to reach Sydney, was taken during the Comaia's trials. The Freedom of the City of London was i conferred on the Prime Minister of Aus- i tralia (Mr. Lyons) and the Prime Minister of New Zealand (Mr. Savage) in the Guildhall, London, on June 14. They are seen with Mrs. Lyons and Miss Sheila Lyons after the ceremony. A comparison in the sizes of three members of the Springboks. The photograph was taken at the practice yesterday afternoon. V. van Reenan and R. Sherriff (forwards), with Tony Harris, one of the backs. This picture was taken eleven days ago in England. By command of the King, the procession and service of the Most Noble Order of the Garter was revived after the elapse of 23 years. Princess Margaret Rose and Princess Elizabeth are shown arriving with the Princess Royal, the Countess of Athlone, the Duchess of Kent, and the Duchess of Gloucester. Members of the Senior Golf Society of New South Wales, photographed on the steps of the clubhouse at Concord yesterday during the uncheon interval in play in the Stableford competition. From left: Front row: Messrs. V£ Mitchell, A C Sm. h, A H. Uther A. G. Pit, C Statham, G. Ranken, J. Kidd (captain of Seniors), G. Cullen acborM« R. Sheddon, F- McMullen, Sir Hugh Denison, 1 E. Newton Dai;, Parke Pope, J. H. Fairfax, W. B Clarke, F. J. Wallis, T. S. Huggins Dr R. Pope, J. W. Trumble, and C. H. Pearson. * The event was won by Mr. J. H. Fairfax, with a score ot IV, 14, ii. , 