 LONBi)N TIO SflDWEY BYilR IN THREE DAYS Not Hope But Definite Aim Of K.L.M. Line There will be a three-day air , service' between London and Syd. ney In J1941. Passengers will fly In the sealed cabins of multi engined' liners at a height of four to five miles. fpHUS, what seemed an incredible dream throe .years ago, has be come a practical possibility. Six days will be cut from the re cently Inaugurated Empire flying boat Borvlce and five days from that of K.L.M. (Royal Dutch Air Lines). Mr. Albert Plesman, managing director of . K.L.M. and; K.N.I.L.M. (Royal Netherlands Indies Airways), has announced the Intention of these 1 companies to have the 'three-day schedule in operation in throe -years. Tho London 'News Chronicle' learns that Imperial Airways have tho flame object In view, though no official statement has been made. Airports on tho route are to be equip ped for regular night flying. ? ,.r SEALED CAOIN8 ' Secret tests for tho American Air Force, have shown that big multi engined machines can bo built with sealed cabins in which constant air pressure is maintained,' a K.L.M. official said recently. 'Tho Lockheed and Booing companies have been able to do this, 'Tho outside height for comfort ablo flying in the preaent commer cial machines Is 11,000 feet. 'Passongors who fly over the Alps have to bo supplied with oxygen by a complicated apparatus, for example. . ' By tho now system air will bo pumpod in and automatically con trolled, so that Variation in height will jnalto no difference to breathing,' ho Added. ; ' Thin will pormlt flying ' aboev the jweather,' and is especially Important for night flying. Passengers will be jible to sleep in porfoct comfort at finy holght, and Irrespective of rapid ascent or tlescont. ' Wo understand that successful ex porlmonts have boon made In Amorlca at 30,600. .feet. AMERICAN PLANES ; ' Five .machines with four 1200 h.p. . engines am bolng built for the five main American air-lines by the Doug las company. ; 'The machines will carry 40 pas songors for day flying and 26 for the tolght sorvico.' .' Present Imperial Airways and 1CL.M. machines could make the journey to Australia in throe days, flying night and day it they were equipped for night journeys, and the ground ' arrangements made suitable. 