 London— Sydney in Three Days Probable by 1940, Is Prediction Of Dutch Air-Line Officials ANOTHER RECORD MAY BE ADDED TO FINE CAREER [From Ron Boland, a member of 'The Mail' and 'The News' staff, at present in London) By Air Mail. LONDON, [une 30. London within three days of Australia! That is the possibility by 1940 or 1941, if the con fident predictions made to me by air authorities a- Schipol Airport (Amsterdam) yesterday come true. T WAS the only newspaperman Irom -*- London to see the first plane on the new Amsterdam-Batavia-Sydney service leave Schipol. Now the KJL.M. (Royal Dutch Air Lines) and its sister company (K.N.LL.M.) have this ser vice running smoothly to Sydney twice a week, so there is no need to write anything about the actual flight. Instead, let us mix with the officials and 200 interested Hollanders, women and children, gathered at the airport in the dawn to 'see the departure of the plane, aptly named Emoe (Dutch for emu). Let us join in -their en thusiastic air talk and discover how really air-minded are these Dutch people. 'There Is only one thing stopping our planes now from flying to Sydney in three or four days.' one high K.L.M. official told me. 'That is night flying facilities. But they will come. Our new D.C.-4's may be on the route by 1939 or 1940, and after that there should be sufficient night flying facilities for us to run through in three days.' As the Emoe circled the Schipol field and then headed across the windmills and fields bright with the newly flowered tulips and crocuses, another official said to me: — 'It was another bird plane, the Pelikaan, that first showed us how close Australia could be. Five years ago the Pelikaan flew from Amsterdam to Batavia in four days and four hours, and back'in the same time. Then Par mentier and Moll, in the Melbourne air race, dashed through to Melbourne in iust over three days. 'With the improvement of ground organisations, our planes will fly by day and night on the Australian run. Our Dilots have studied nisrht flvincr in America, and have been given -lher special instructions. They have had experience in night flying on some European routes, so we should be able to cut down the journey between Amsterdam and Batavia ultimately to as little as 2^ days.' At present the Lockheeds of K.N.I.L.M. carry on the service from Batavia to Sydney via Cloncurry and Longreach. In October, when some K.L.M. planes are ireed from the sum mer European service, the service will run right through from Amsterdam to Sydney, I was told. Imagine what that will mean. Thir teen thousand miles in three days, an average of a little more than 4,000 miles a day. You will leave London, fog bound and cold. As if fitted with gigantic seven-league boots, you will Bash over Budapest. Athens, Alex andria, Bagdad, Karachi, Calcutta, Ran goon, Singapore, Darwin . . . and arrive in Sydney needing cool, sum mery clothes to replace the raincoat and thick suit you had brought on to the plane three days earlier. There are now three K1.M. D.C.-3's Jying to Batavia a week, but only two planes are going on weekly to Sydney. Thus a dream of KL.M. is coming true. It has been a dream visioned for many years, and those at Schipol Airport know it must be fulfilled. Officials sitting in the little old build ing that 18 years ago saw one plane :arry one passenger a day to London, waved their hands at the magnificent administrative offices, hangars, work -hops, restaurants, and equipment that low makes Schipol one of the busiest lirports in the world. As huge Douglas machines arrived at short intervals, they said: — 'All this has lappened in 18 years. We must ex sect just as much progress in the next few years.' Instead of the oneplaneonepassen ger achievement of 1920, Schipol Air port last week placed on record a one day's traffic business of 686 passengers. With the inauguration of the Amster dam-Sydney service K.L.M. planes in 3ne day now carry the K.L.M. flag over 24 nations and a distance of six times the circumference of the earth. One hundred and 25 cities in Europe alone may be reached from Holland in the one day. There are eight services a day to London, three each to Paris, Berlin, and Copenhagen, two to Stock holm, two to Prague, 11 to inland towns, and a daily run to Brussels, Hamburg, Milan, Frankfort, Home, Liverpool, and Manchester and a night service to Cologne. For such an organisation, Schipol has had to become one of the best-equipped airports in the world. Picturesquely situated amid green fields and between two small canals, Schipol covers about one square mile. It was reclaimed from swamp land, and this accounts for the absence of any obstructions round the field. It is about four miles out of Amsterdam. Municipally Owned In this well-nigh self-contained com munity I was shown the workshops complete with every modern equip ment in which engineers are continu ously working on new devices. Huge Douglas machines undergoing repairs or being overhauled dwarfed me in the huge maintenance shops. I saw planes winging down on to the concrete run aways which are 1,000 yards' in length. Eight fixed floodlights were standing ready for night operations. It was curious to learn that the air port is ^municipally owned and con trolledT^nd that the radio station, R-hich is-about a mile from the airport, is owned and operated by the Govern ment. However, everything is work ing smoothly. The smooth running of everything in Dutch aviation has mainly been re sponsible for this great progress. It is noteworthy that K-L.M.'s passenger figures have risen from 345 in its first year of operation 18 years ago to 120,577 last year. In all it has carried nearly a million passengers and it has the record of being the oldest existing aviation com pany in the world. 