 [?] Social Life in Sydney The Viennese Choristers— Remembering Old Vienna — Cake From Noted Singer— Seeing Durban From A Motor' Car— Most Enjoyable Day— Chatting of Fashions-^-Smarf Society- Woman Returns — Flying to London— Dinner Date — Paris — Staying at the Lapstone Hotel — Sydney Gir.l to. Marry ip U.S.A. — Farewell. Parties Galore — Theatrical Artists Entertained. . ' 'Daily Mercury' Service. alone the music-loving Ik. \HesS Portiou of the lal'£e audi §83 Wv N By ence, attending the open ra KSk k3i inS concert given by the Vienna Mozart Boy's IBg^sSal Choir in the Sydney Town Hall, on Monday night, but all those who have met these charming boys are delighted with them, the purity and freshness of their singing, and the sharp wit of thsir acting. These boys have come to Sydney primarily as singers, and in this direction were singularly at tractive. Dr. Georg GruEer, the con duct cj-: has -trained their voices in tensely. -without robbing them of their freshness. Each sorig was applauded enthusiastically, but it was the naive, pert, acting, in Gluck's operetta, which won the greatest applause. ' Mme. ; H. Marsh, who is acting as the boys' mother during the tour, says: They are very easy to manage, although not quite as angelic as they look . in thsir white collars and blue velveteen suits.' They were' all evi dently delighted with the really won I derful big cake sent to them by Mme. 1 Lotte Lehmarin— inscribed from one | artist to another. This was a - very big cake, covered with . blue icing, ('with the words, 'In remembrance of dear old Vienna— 'Lotte Lehmann.' It;! 1 stood 'on a tahle 111 the foyer of the 1 Town Hall, and was. without doubt, the type of present to appeal to the normal boy. be lie small or big. There were 21 candles — the twenty-first be ing larger than the remainder to rep resent the conductor Dr. Georg Grri ber. The ' cake was so large that it looked as : though it would last for some days, but that, of course, de pends ori the zest with which it is eaten. » it # Those ? who have relatives and friends overseas, eagerly await the arrival of the postman with his bud get, 011 Monday morning. At the home of the Lipscomb family, 'Camberley,' Edgecliff Place, Edgecliff, there was great excitement when a letter bearing the South African post mark arrived, telling of the very pleasant day Dr. and Mrs. Lipscomb had spent in Dur ban, and how charming the city and 1 its surroundings are. When the boat arrived, Mrs. Lipscomb's nephew, Mr. Gilles, was waiting with his car to drive them to the many picturesque sights, and, as he has made his home there for some years, he proved a most capable and competent guide. The trip altogether has been most en joyable, and a cable telling of their safe arrival in London was the happy finish. The holidays now being over, the family has returned to their va rious avocations, feeling benefited by thp vacation. t; From a feminine point of view, Mrs. Charles Lloyd Jones was the most'at tractive figure of the Lloyd' Jones quartette,- as they stepped down the gangway of the Aoraugi, early 011 Sun day morning, after a tour of- America, England and the Continent, which lasted for just ten months. Mrs. Lloyd Jones, is, of course, looked on as a leader of fashion in the world of wom en, so her opinion on what will be worn during the coming months is of interest. In Europe, she says, the vogue for woollen materials, com bined with silk arid tinsel was very noticeable, antl wns wnrm hnth in +I10 evening and during the day. Every where there is the vogue for coloured accessories, and they can make or mar. the ensemble. She was an attractive figure in a green and white checked skirt, green felt hat, with a wide j brim, pulled well over her hair, a short j green suede jacket with a zipped front, and stockings of wool with a faint toning of green. - . ?» ®.. These are undoubtedly cold nights, ] so the piping hot dishes served from the long buffet tables at the Pickwick Club 011 Saturday night, was a happy innovation, and added to the pleasure of the guests. Among those who danced were Miss Noel Sherwood, who wore a taffeta crinoline gown in the new shade of blue known as aqua. Miss MacCale, who, in the absence of Miss Dorise Hill, welcomed the guests, and mentioned hearing from Miss Hill, who is en route for Amer ica, the Misses Margot Ruthven, Jean Ashcroft, Sheila Carter, and Messrs. Don Glasson, Jack Parry and Tony Carter. » « » To celebrate the engagement of Miss Edna Griffith, eldest daughter of Mr. anil Mrs. E. P. Griffith, of Orange, to Mr. Colin Moore Inglis, son of the late Mr. Ernest Inglis, and Mrs. B. Inglis, of Buriyarra, Orange, a most enjoyable party was given on Satur day evening at Prince's. Among those who offered congratulations were I.lr. and Mrs. Wallace Knowles, Mr. and Mrs. R. Langdon, the Misses Betty Inglis and Joan Toole, Orange, and Messrs. Jerry Neil, Ross and Bob Ing lis, and Fred Cassiily. » » Mrs. Warwick Fairfax left by the Dutch plane for London 011 last Sun 