 RECENT FICTION REVIEWED "A VIEW OF THE HARBOR," by Ellza- ooth Taylor (London: Peter Davles). "THIS IS THE DAY," by Geoffrey Cot- :crell (London- Eyre and SpottUwoode). 'STRANGER THAN TRUTH," by Han- uen Swaffer (Oak Tree' Booke, London ind Melbourne). "BRINDLE. ROYALIST," by Henry O Lamond (Angua and Robertson, Sydney, London). "PAUSE UNDER THE SKY," by Warren Beck (London: Eyre and Spottlswoode). JTJLIZABETH TAYLOR'S BOOK "View of the Harbor" gives a ro mantic view of the people who live In a row of houses facing a: harbor on the English coast. To the harbor has come a. retired naval officer, Bertram AAviiuiigwiitj | Wilv HUpCC) t>U> |7tlUi v 21 masterpiece and who gradually gets drawn into the lives of these people— the lonely young widow who owns the waxworks; the scandalous oib woman, owner of the second-hand shop, and her two daughters; the attractive Tory whose affairs of the heart have become so very entangled; the doctor, his novelist wife and their two daughters; the hotel-keeper to whom Bertram promises his first picture. While Tory's Is the central character in the story, each of the others, clever ly and lightly drawn, has its own im portance. The plot of the book Is slight; it Is In fact, a situation rather than an action, and It depends on the quick change of scene and the clear ness with which each character Is cut to hold the reader's Interest. It makes pleasant enough reading, but no great demands on sympathy or emotions. A SMALL TOWN IN ENGLAND IS the setting for GeofTrey Ootterell's "This is the Way." Trivial Incident Is made to loom large and there Is caustic comment and some humor In the author's clever presentation of a typical set of people and circum stances. It tells of the efforts of Arthur Danbury to have built a Com munity Centre as a memorial to the men who have fallen in World War I, instead of the monument decided on by the people who matter In the town. Arthur Is the local hero, having won the Military Cross. At the end of World War II, the. local hero, this time a Victoria Cross winner, opens the Centre, and here again Is a man full of Ideas, the same situation re peating Itself. The years between the two wars are spent by Arthur holding meetings, worrying people, gradually getting on with his objeotlve. They are spent by his wife in finding her self a place in Marcham. society and keeping pace with its growing and so phisticated complacency. It Is all most entertaining, but not Impressive. JT IS HARD TO KNOW. EXACTLY how serious Hannen Swaffer, well- known English Journalist, meant to be when he wrote the stories In "Stranger than Truth." We have for Instance, the tale of the woman who set out in a London fog to leave her unwanted child on a doorstep, and, after much wandering and heart-burning, comes home to find that the doorstep she has left the baby on Is her own; an other of an actress, now married to so successful a businessman that he has been knighted, who, going backstage, feels the call of the theatre and re turns to the boards, casting off her Jewels on the way; another of two men who laughed at the sacred places In Jerusalem and were corrected in a vision. In others the pathos Is not quite as liberally applied, but again chey poise somewhere between senti mentality and satire. The subjects dealt with are most diverse and, al though there Is a sameness In the de corative style of presentation, the varied themes lend interest and one reads on through descriptions of forced and unlikely Incidents. LOVERS OP THE AUSTRALIAN outback will enjoy Henry a. La- mond'i "Brindle Royalist," for so real does he make the scene of the sta tion where the big bull made himself king of the mob that one gets the scent, of gum trees and the sharp heat of the sun, Brindle's mother Is a scrub cow who has wandered into a mob containing a- champion bull, and Brindle lias Inherited the spirit and physique of the bull, but the cow's undlstinguish- ing coloring. Mr. Lamond, who states in a footnote that he has in some way been connected with every Inci dent in the book, describes faithfully and sympathetically the little animal's training, first by his mother, later by the other animals In the herd, and tells how he joined the brumby mob and became their leader. Incidents of the stockman's life and of aboriginal customs add further In- terest to a pleasant and unusual book. "PAUSE UNDER THE SKY." Warren Beck's interpretation of the emotions of two young people whose lives have been cut by war. Is a heavy book. So many words have been used to make the point. Before anything happens one must read 80 pages of soliloquising, first that of the young Bombardier Larry, then that of his girl, Paula, with whom he Is going to spend the Ave days of his leave from the air force. Very few, and slight, incidents break the churning out of continuous thought. Larry feels that hie must complete his job with the air force before he allows his personal affairs to intervene. Deieply in love and tense with anxiety for him, Paula hopes that his care fully expressed feelings have changed towards their marriage. They find a fanatic who, by broadcasts, is trying to awaken the American people to the bad effects of radio, showing them how their thinking Is being controlled for them, and through this condemna tion of mob psychology the two voung people get their teelings for each other into right perspective. The conclu sions the author draws from almost 300 pages of solid reading are open to argument— but one Is too wearied by the effort to catch his tenuous Idea to want to argue. He has created two solid, worthy young people in Paula and Larry, but the fanatical broad caster, his secretary and the other workers at the illegal radio do not ring true. Yet there Is forceful and good writing in the book. HANNEN SWAFFER. 