 EIGHT DAYS LATER FROM F.UUOl'K. [11Y THE RED SEA AND INDIA I El.EtiRAl'il.] cyany Mummy Herald 0{)t\-c, Monday, Janunrv f)th ;l n'm [FR0H OUR UULllOUIINK Cll It RESPONDENT.! London, November Sfith. j 11a t'.mperor rsapolcon tins prohibited tho diatribes ol tho Freuoli Press ngainst England. Lord Cowley, llio English Ambn«ador nt Paris, is at present in London, wiili proposals ol a simultaneous dis armament. r Tho Eretich war with Morocco is concluded. Tho Bnniicompngni Itogoiioy is recognised bv France. Garibaldi's resignation has produced a paiui'til sensa tion. A comprehensive Austrian amnesty has been an pounced. A further identification of tho sufferers bv tho wreck of the Royal Charier has taken place, and the' bodies of tho following passengers liavo been picked tip.— Withers, Morris, Hatch, Norman, Davis, Button, liumford, Bell, Fowler, Marks, Smith, Welsh, Lewis. - The substitution of tho Gullo for the Mauritius route, which is to take place nfter March next, has induced tho P. nnd 0. Company to demand a larger suliaidv. A commercial prospeotus has beon issued of a Western Australian Bunk. Tho priocs of wool and fallow are unchanged. Securi ties nro firm. Consols, 96}.  [The following was published in a slip yesterday afternoon, at 3 p.m.] EIGKHT DAYS' LATEE FROM EUROPE. [BY THE RED SEA AND INDIA TELEGRAPH.] Sydney Morning Herald Ojfice. Monday, January Oth, 3 p.m. [FHOjr OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDEN!.] London, November 26th. The Emperor 'Napoleon has prohibited the. diatribes of the French Press against England. . Lord Cowley, the English Ambassador at Paris, Í3 at present in London, with proposals for a simultaneous disarmament. The French war with Morocco is con eluded. The Buoncompagnis Regency is recognised by France. I Garibaldi's resignation has produced a painful j sensation. A comprehensive Austrian amnesty has been announced. A further identification of the sufferers by the wreck of the Royal Charter has taken place, and the bodies of the following passengers have been picked up :-Withers, Morris, Hatch, Norman, Davis, Hutton, Rumford, Bell, Fowler, Marks, Smith, Welsh, Lewis. , The substitution of the Galle for the Mauri- tius route, which is to take place after March next, has induced the P. and 0. Company to demand a larger subsidy. A commercial prospectus has been issued of a Western Australian Bank. The prices of wool and tallow are unchanged. Securities are firm. Consols, 962-. CHINESE TIIEATRICAXS.-On the Golden Point, | right in the centre of the Chinese encampment, may be seen a large oval canvas tent, from which the most hideous noises imaginable emanate at night. This structure the follower of Confucius dignifies with the high-sounding name of " theatre," and tho discordant jumble of noises he elegantly terms " music." On en- tering the circular erection' the modest sum of four shillings is demanded. ' Seated around in a variety of forms,- and closely packed together, are no less than a thousand pigtails, or at least the owners of these adornments of i( the human form divine," smoking opium, puffing cigars, and drinking gingcrbeer in an mistakeable quantities. The building, if we may so term it, is lighted with]thirty-six candles, twenty-four of which are stnekin a primitive chandelier, fashioned out of wood, and square formed, which is sus- pended fromo. large pole fixed in the'centre of the '* theatre," and which polo is the pillar and safety of the erection. The other twelve candles do duty as " footlights," and are evenly divided into sixes, and placed in a sort of dingy, rickety fixture, which "John" calls a stage. At tho back of this arestationed four or five individuals ; these compose the," band ¡" separated from the latter by a curtain is the " robing room," the mysteries of which sanctum we did not attempt to penetrate. A gong, a small drum, and a "musician," with two sticks, were among3t the most observable of those whom the band was composed. The individual with the "sticks'* struck right and left, beat time.and motioned most malignantly with his head, as if in ecstacios with the melody which he sent foith. At length out rushes a burlesque looking Chinaman, in tho most grotesque garb imaginable, and a sort of feather, six feet in length, sticking out of his poll, and swinging tof and fro. Ile shouts, and presto !_ out fly eighteen of the most horrid looking beings imaginable, di essed in a variety of forms, who shout, run, yell, tumble, throw a few summersaults, and immediately disappear. Theirplaccs are supplied by about a dozen officerly-looking pigtails, dressed somewhat like a Trench soldier, with a sash round ono of their shoulders. They are followed by the " actor" with the largo feather, who this time is accompanied with the representative of a Celestial beauty. The individual with the "two sticks" now gives evidence of his proficiency in the " divine art," and the most uproarious yells imaginable aro blended with the notes of the musical coterie. Actors and band now vio with each other, as if attempting to drown the discoid of each other. The man with the feather jumps ovb't a chair, and the whole body of actors dis- appear behind the curtain. By this time the place becomes stidingly hot. The clouds of smoke curl gracefully upward, and wc disappear by the door, and aro glad once .more to breathe the pure air. ballaarat Star. Sir John Boering, the british ambassador to China, was animadverting upon t_P "wickedness," as he expressed it, of the marriage service, as prescribed by «h£rÄ°-h -0f ?\Slar.d. "Look ù't it," said liol ? With this ring I thee wed-that's sôrccrr : with my body I theo worship-that's idolatry ; and with all my worldly goods I thee endow-that's a lie."  EIGHT DAYS' LATER FROM EUROPE. [BY THE IlEI* S!U AN'P IVDIA TELE tillArH.] Spiney .Wcmifij Herald Offtt. M -nd«y, JTanutrv 6h. 3 p.m. [rimK oca mu r-i* c ?KcupavHiir.J !..in-lin, X--T^rn1-*r Si'h. Tb-t Em^er.i- N'.j: -.'??! -i h-« prohibited t'ie^iktribcn of thn F'- ch Pr«« nr»ir,.t Kn^icd. lyird C-'wIey, the Eii'i-h AoihMWi'nr at Pi:*. ?? ft pnt-enl in L niinr-, «irh prapo^Is fdr a siaidlanenue dU»mmn»tit. Th^ Frrndi »ir wi-Vi M '-icco i* -~»nda-3ed.' |Tue Bujncompogui F^peirj- i« recipni(-e-I by Tr\mv. G-rilnldi'n rsaignation hat pr.-ducf; t painful A c'mpreh«n*ive A-r+rim amnivty !»»? been annoniced. ; A fnrt'h«r i^cntiGrjiti'in of tb» mffrrer* by *t* wreck of the B n*l Charter has taken place, and tbe bo-iies of tbVttillo'«ring pwcL rers h*ve been picked np : — V-ilhe^. M.irrij., IL.tch. Normefi, D*t:«, HnttoH, Hn-nf.-rd. B^li, Fowler, M«rkN Smith, -Weigh. Lesfe. Th- -iiS-rilu-inn of i lie O, II- for ibc e!-uriiiiiermn», n-hioii it- tr- 'tt* plxee after Marrh next, ha* induced the P. mtd 0. Cumpuiy t» denned % Inrser ralnidy. A c rniir*r?i»T prospectm1 h»- bieu ieened of a Western Aa-trnliin Bank. The p-ios*! of wnol an i tfci'i-- ?? nre unchanged. S»-™ririrt= are firm. Qrn-rA,, 96 t.hre«-eisfc.t. 