 NEWS BY THE MAIL,, VIA. SUEZ. The mail per P. and O. steamer Bangalore was delivered in Syclnoy yesterday morning; 14 days Irom London^. PTTOLISJI AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS. (l'UOSt OUtt OWN COIIUGSI'ONDENT.) LONDONJ JAN. 30. By far tho most important ovont in homo politics at tjio present moment is tho Liverpool olootion. Sinco tho now celebrated election at Bath, which drow forth the thon Mr. Disraeli's lettor to " My dear Gray," no doctoral ovent has been surrounded with so much interest as tho contest which is now going on in Liver- pool. The vacancy arises from, tho death of Mr. Torr, a Conservative. There aro two candidates in tho field, Mr. Whitley, a local Conservative of. consider- able influence, and Lord Ramsay, a young naval officer. The constituency is a three-cornered one, returning two Conservatives and one Liberal, so that the known tendencies of tho place aro favourable to Mr. Whitby. It so happens, however, that Lord Ramsay has secured the Derby influeuco. Ho is oven staying at tho houso (Knowsley) of the great convert to Liberal- ism. But this is not the most important featuro of tho election. Notwithstanding his high social position, and his association witli Lord Derby, Lord Ramsay has swallowed tho Ilomo Rule bait. Though this may not carry tho wholo Irish voto in Liverpool-for many Catholics will support tho Conservativo oandidato-it will givo the Liberal a fair prospect of snecess. Moderato Liberals aro aghast at the prospect of the victory. Notwithstanding all that Lord Hartington, Mr. Forster, and other front bench men have said respecting Homo Rule, Lord Ramsay's success will bind the Liberal party to the Homo Eulo cause. Tho first step towards this connection seems to be vory simplo, and not fraught with alarming consequences. It is but this-that Liberal candidates shall " voto for an inquiry" into tho Irish demands. This looks very Innocent, and very equitable, but loyal mon do not caro to inquire into any demand that proposes tho disinteg- ration of tho Kingdom. The approach of tho genoral election, and tho Homo Rule organizations in the largo towns of England and Scotland, have greatly distuvbod the Liberal mind. Tho absoluto hatred of tho Glad Btbnians towards tho party who aro now in offlco will leave no 6tono unturned to defeat the Conservativos at the next general election ; hence the development of this unholy alliance with tho pal ty of sedition. Moreover, if the Conservativos loso tho Liverpool election, tho Liberals aro suro to regard it as a test of tho feeling of the country, and the circumstance will encourage the Radical winn; to resort to all kinds of expedients, obstructive and othorwiso, to forco the Government to adopt an appeal to tho constituencies. [Our readers havo been apprised hy trlogram that Mr. "Whitley, the Conservativo candidate, has been roturned bv a majority of 2000.-ED.] Probably next to this domestio incident, public attention is most chiefly directed to tho Afghan settle- ment. It is now known that tho Government have no intention of sending a force to Herat. That city will most likely bo handed over to Persia. There is also a desire in official quarters to back out of Cabul as quickly as possible. The difficulties at that city have boon greater than were expected, and the appioach of tho goneral election alarms the Ministerial mind as to what will happen if the Afghan problem remains in its present unsettled condition. There aro signs, too, of further fighting, when tho snows disappear, towards tho end of February. Mahommed Jan is rallying a forco at Ghuznce ; and if he does not como out of that placo to attack Cabul, General Stewart will assail bim from the direction of Candahar. Ono thing only soems tolorably certain, namely, that Candahar will romain within the British frontier. II' the same bo dono witli regard to Jellala- bad, and the railway oxtended to both places, Die mountain frontier of India w ill bo unassailable. As to the administration of A fghanialan, tho Govern- ment still cling to the idea that men will bo found to rulo it» different divisions in accordance with British interests, so far as regards questions of external policy. Nothing has boen yet heard of Abdul Rahman since tho Ihts-ians permitted him to escapo in to Balkh. But this is not to bo wondered at Sows from that region can only come by way of Persia, tho Hindoo Kush at this season of tho year being impenetrable, Russia is continuing tho preparations of her spring campaign against the Turko- mans, but tho transport difficulties aro almost over- whelming. "Whether it bo intended to thrown dust in the eyes of the British lion, I know not, but it over seems possible, according to the Russian papers, that the pro- ject of annoxing Merv will bo abandoned. It is tolerably certain that litllo or nothing can bo dono towards that obj eet from tho Caspian. General Kauiï manu will have to roly upon his own resources along the Oxus ; and it will bo no easy matter to pass 20,000 or 80,000 men acrois tho most sterile desert in the world, between Charjui and Merv. It may bo thai Russia has riven some undertaking not to go to Merv if England will avoid an occupation of nerat. The Liberals would havo made such a bargain had thoy been in office, but it is hardly likely that Lord Beaconsfield or Lord Salisbury would do so. Tho Queen is to open Parliament in person, on Thursday next, and will thereby impait moro interest to the proceedings. Tho Irish members intend to move an amendment to tho add: ess to tho Crown, with tho object of bringing up all Irish ques- tions at tho earliest possible moment. It is ovi dently going to bo a session full of strife and bitterness. Tho six vacant seats, through disfran chisements, aio to go towards tho making of moro three cornered constituencies, and there is a whisper that tho Govetnmont intend to biing in a general redistribution, of seats bill. Thoy have had such a project before them at their Cabinet mootings, but if it sees daylight, its chief .object will not bo tor legislation, but like nearly everything else in tho coining sossion-for tho hustings. Recent telegrams and my own corrospondence will have informad your readers of tho concentration of Russian troops which has been going on in Poland sinco the conclusion of the IUisso-Turkish war. That pioceeding lias caused a good deal o£ oxcitoraent in Gonnany, but still moro in Austria,"whoso antagonism to Russian ascendency in the Balkan States has brought about strained relations between Vionna and St. Peters- burg. The Russian ollicial Press liavo dono all they can to represent tho reported massing of troops in Poland as an exaggeration. A i'ow days ago a report was current that tho Russian Government had formally offered to reduce the number oC her forces in Poland, but that statement has since boon contradicted. It is significant, however, of what is going on in Poland, and of tho European outlook gonorally, that notwithstanding tho ouorinous burden of hor army, Gormany has just decided to increase its numbers. It is all very woll for tho Gorman Government to maleo it appear that this stop is in accordance with military plans long since adopted, hut auch is tho crushing weight of the mili- tary arrangements upon tho revonuo oC the empire that a thrifty peoplo like tho Germans would not have agreed to this additional burden without a substantial cause. Military service in Germany is intensely unpopular, but thoro is every appoaranco of this project being carried through Parliament with acclamation. It will add between S0.00O and 00,000 troops to the army on a war footing, and inorcaso tho ludgat expense by 18,000,000 marks, besido3 a largo outlay for tho necessary barracks and clothing. Those war preparations aro not so unnecessary as tho bulle of Englishmen may suppose. The wholo world knows . upw; Gormany has bofriendod Russia during tho past half contury. Even in its internal affairs Russia owes whatever it posscasos of civiliza- tion to its Teuton neighbour, Thoro is a thin glozo of French polish among tho upper classes in Ituesia, who spend much of their timo in Paris or in I'aiisian socioty, but for yeara past tho administrative work of tho Russian oinpiro has boen in tho hands of ¿Gormans. But tho Russians aro getting tired of Gorman tutolago, and aro developing national instincts after a reckless fashion-tho not unnatural ïosult of their roprossivo mothods of govornmont. Ia tho eyes of 'phlegmatic Gormans and cautious; Englishmen, Panslavism, though loss violent than, Nihilism, is as mad an ontorpriso. Its adoption, is bound to bring the Government' into anta- gonism with neighbouring Powors, and sooner or jatsr lead to war, Its imprudence- may bo judged by the comparison of Great Britain Bookine; to .embraco all English-speaking nations-Americana to wit-in tho; Empire, or under its protection. Ever since the Czar inado his famous Panslavonio speech at Moscow, and the Panslavonio Press indulged in frivolous and malicious attacks upon Germany, thoro have beon Symptoms of a chango in tho attitude of the German Government. Prince Gortschakoffs interview with the editor of tho Soleil oponed tho eyes of the Gorman peoplo to dongors and suspicions which no Russian soothinga will dispel. The tomper of tho French is far from warlike, but whon tho country has still furthor improved ita finances and organized its army, and when thoro comos to the front a now generation who had no personal esporienco in the rovorses of tho last campaign, and who remember it chiefly by tho loss of Alsaco and Lorraine, the natural boUigeroncy of the French is not unlikoly to reassert itself. The only two States who are likely to assail Germany in the future aro Franco and Russia, and Princo Bismark is porsistently and methodically preparing to counteract the alliance of two "such powerful neighbours. He has already established a useful friendship in Aus- tria, which will help him with material assistance ; and he relies upon England putting amoral pressure upon France. At tho present moment thero is no sign of a conflict, but there is an ominous talking among the leading statesmen of Europe as to their strivingjto main- tain peaee, which is tho more significant because thoy are all, with the exception of England, increasing their armaments. Outsiders know not what may be the preciso cause, but this is undeniable that tho continent is I in a'f overish state of anxiety, with tho presage of coming events of tho direst importanco. The current impression is that unless Russia makes some manifest sign of withdrawing from tho position which she has taken up in tho East, Brsmarok may forco her hand. The personal relations of tho Czar and tho Emperor are the only obstacles, but after the Emperor has consented to tho Austrian allianco, and to this increase of the Gorman army, ho may yet consent to niorp. Thoro is also tho other consideration, that Russia is Keoming in such a despcrato plight that war may bo adopted as the most profitable means of her escape from anarchy. Princo Gortschakoff s conversations with tho editor of the Solid pointed to tho prospects of another campaign, and such a prospect has aroused Princo Bismarck's sus- ceptibilities. Commenting upon tho general European outlook and on a speech of somo importanco just de- livered in Vienna, |by Baron Haymorle, the Time* says :-" There hag seldom beon more need for the exercise of mutual respect and consideration between nation?, as represented alike by thoir statesmen and by their Press." The uneasy feeling which prevails throughout Europe has led to much criticism upon tho stato of the British navy. The result is not so satis- factory as most" peoplo would like to soo. Taking them as a whole, wo have bigger and more powerful war-ships than (any other nation, but our relative supromaoy is not so gioat as it was. Wo aro very weak in tho defences of our colonies, and coaling stations. Mr. T. Brassey's speeohes on this subject represent the popular mind so truly, that it will be impossible for I the Colonial Defence Commission to ignoro tho very anxious opinions which are known to prevail among all classes of people. The country, too, is defioient in .regard to small heavily-armoured gunboats of the class which wore recently constructed for the Chineso Government. It is also a matter of some importance that tbo new Italian ironclad, the Builio, has just made fourteen knots an hour with her armour on, and that it is believed another ten knots can be got out of her. Thanks to Sir William Armstrong, the Italians' also possess the largest guns of any power in the world. [Intelligence has reached .Sydney by cable that one of the 100-ton guns on board the Builio has burst.-Ei>.] The three or four big ships whioh Italy is making will demand a largo outlay on the part of this country at tho Mediterranean stations ; and if Italy should over enter into an allianco with an enemy of England, tho Dnilio and her sister ships might turn tho current of tho campaign. On tho whole, tho state of tho British navy is decidedly under tho requirements of the country. It is superior to any other single Tower, bat not to a combination of any two European nations. In such an oveutour colonies and our maritime comraerco would suffer very considerably. Fortunately, the present Board of Admiralty is a vory Btrong one. Mr. W. II. Smith is ono of the ablest First Lords who ever sat in Whitehall, and the public never begrudge a naval expenditure. Tho navy has boen vory much improved sinco that gentleman took office, and, as ho is known to have been carefully watch- ing tho result of the " Duilio " experiments, wo must not bo surprised if next year's estimates contain somo vory important proposals. In connection with theso topics I may allude to the chango which is going on in re- gard to our artillory. Though iho navy emphatically declines to have anything to do with breech-loaders, thero seems a strong probability that breech-loading artillery will be introduced into tho army. The suc- cess of the Germans in this respect has at length shakon the confidence of tho War Olfico in tho old system of muzzle-loading. The subject is in tho hands of ono of thoso everlasting committees or com- missions, who seem in no hurry to make any report upon it. I The relations botween England and Turkey show no siccns of improvement. After tho rolcaso of Ahmed Towfik and tho return of Dr. Koellor's boole a sharp coi respondón co took place between the Porto and the Biitish ambassador. It turnnd out tbat tho chief complaint of the Turks against Dr. Koeller arose out of tho finding of a pamphlet in that gontloman's bag tending to bring the Mahommedan roligion into discredit. Dr.1 Koollor délaies that the Turks placed tho book thoro themselves, and that ho never had such a work From beginning to end it hal been a very ugly incident, but it is not an unfair illustration of tho piovailing discontent of tho Turkish rnliug classes ajainit England, and of tho changed atti tuda of the Sultan towards Sir Henry Layard. England, howover, still stands by Turkey in rogard to the Greek question, and tho British Foreign Office shows no gi oat enthusiasm for Montonogro ovor the CBssion of Albanian territory. With the return of spring, these two subjects will causo an increased amount of iuteiost; and it should creato no surpiisoif the British Government chango their attitude and join Franco in compelling the Porte to carry out tho Berlin Treaty. Wo aro on the blink of a great change in our relations with Turkey. Tho coming general election may give tho Government a protest for taking up a now position, unless in the meantime they should bo driven to it by some sudden, but ceitainly not unex- pected, development of anarchy at tho Turkish capital. The absenco ot money has increased tho number of the Sultan's enemies. The last financial expedient with tho GalaU bankers is exhausted, and discontent is in- creasing; but, baid as matteis aro ia the Turkish capital, they aro much worse in Bulgaria and Roumclia. The Mahommedan refugees who aro returning to the ruins of their homes, find thoir housos destroyed or in the possession of Christians. So bad is tho prospoct of theso poor creatures, that tho Consul ¡St Philippopolib has made an appeal to the bonovolenco of this country, in which ho suya, that unless assist- ance speedily arrives tho winter will cut off sonio sixty or seventy thousand Mussulmans. I We have troubles of a similar kind nooror home. As winter advances the distress in Ii eland increases, but happily help increases als?. Notwithstanding the jealousies and the difficulties which seem inherent to everything Irish, public charity 13 now flowing very freely, and doaths from actual starvation aro likoly to be avoided. Thora aro three or four rival rcliof funds, and this circumstance, considered with tho political capital which tho Home Ruléis sought to hiako ont of tho iamino-quoation, has gioatly checked the flow of relief. There have boon furthor difficul- ties, arising out of Mr. Parnell's visit to the United States. Though ho was at first received very coldly^ Mr. Parnell has since experienced a perfect ovation. Led away by this enthusiasm, Mr. Parnell lias denounced his Irish party colleagues ; and has bi ought charges against tho committees of the Duchoss of Marlborough and the Dublin Mansion House Funds, which have caused a perfect furore of excitement in Ireland. One effect of Mr.' Parnell's tour will undoubtedly bo to sover him moro aufoly than over from tho; bulk of the Home Rule 'party. Thoro is every probability that wlieu Parliament meets the Irish wing will show itself to bo moro divided than ever. The moderato Homo Rulers .assure to rosent Mr. Parnell's recont attacks upon .thouin, his Amorican spoeohos. The Dublin Mansion House cpmmitteo have telegraphed to tho American papers'a reply to Mr. Parnell's insinuations that the f und'-givos no assistance to distressed, farmer» who have not paid thoir rents. , The irish land agitation and the grevaient Irish distress even reached the councils of the Government. The Radicals have boen furnished with a cry as to the land which has considerably disturbed the Cabinet. When ho appointed tho agricultural commission last year, Lord Beaconsfield hoped to postpone legislation till ttío noxt Parliament, but he must now do some- thing, be it ever so little, as a sop towards satisfying the Radical agitation. I do not supposo the Govern- ' ment aro likely to do much in tho direc-1 tion of land tenure, but it is exceedingly probablo they will tako steps towards abolishing ontail.and primogeniture. The land laws constitute a much widor and a much more dangerous subjoot, and Ministers may well prefor to postpone it till they have received the report of the Royal Commission on agri- culture. Thoy have already tinkered with the diffi- culty, in tho earlior days of tho present Parliament, but the Act was not compulsory, and scores of land- lords contracted out of it. Meanwhile the Irish mem- bers will not permit the Government to have muoh peace in respect to the land laws in Ireland. Just at the timo when Mr. Parnoll's ridiculous agitation to compel landlords to sell their estates seemed to be dying out, becauso of its inherent foolishness, Mr. Bright has sud- denly stopped forward to advocate Mr. ParneU's policy. There is less compulsion about. Mr. Bright's scheme, but in other respects the principle is the same. Ho would assist tenant farmers to become owners of land by tho aid of loans from tho publio Treasury. For instance, if an estate worth £400 was for sale (Mr. Parnell would regard all estates for sale that wore not worked by the owner), Mr. Bright would have the Government advance one fourth of the purchase-monoy to the tenant, if he could provide the remaining £300 ; and that thereafter the tenant should pay the State, not in rent, but an annual sum, so calculated that in thirty-five years both principal and interest should bo wiped off. How can snell a plan possibly improvo the condition of needy farmers ? If thoy cannot pay their rent, how much less likely will they be able to provide thirty-five successive payments, all of which will be considerably larger than their presont rent And if Irish tenants are able to adopt such a plan, are thoy the persons who deserve its benefits P Certainly not on the ground of poverty, for no poor man could meet the liabilities which such a syotom of .purchase would involve. And what a pretty condition tho country would exhibit in times of distress ! If the State persisted in obtaining its claims, there would be anarchy amongst their creditors ; and, on tho other hand, if the Government made concessions, or allowed postpone- ments, thoy would bo acoused of seeking to purchase the Irish vote. Yet these are the nostrums of Mr. Parnell and his great convert. Thorne has beon a pretty squabble between the Lord Mayor of Buhlin, Mr. Gray, M.P. (proprietor of tho ¿Vecnian's Journal), and the Viceroy. Tho Lord Mayor presided at a Home Eulo meeting, when resolutions were passed on the motion of The O'Donoghuo (who, having returned to the allegiance of the Home Rule party, must needs make his proposals as strong as possible), to which tho Büke of Marlborough took objection. His Grace felt so strongly over the matter, that he deolined to attend the Lord Mayor's ball. Such a terrible event has never been known in the history of Dublin eooiety. The ball was abandoned, and the Lord Mayor gavo the estimated coat of the entertainment to the poor of the city. A few days later the Viceroy held his lovee. AU Dublin wondeied whether tho Lord Mayor would attend it, and curiosity was increased because the Lady Mayoress had provided herself, 60mo weeks before, with a magnificent dress, which had been on view in one of the tradesmen's windows. Whether it was owing to the dress, or to his own good sense, I know not, but Mr. Gray went to tho levee. This was the beat ending of tho matter, lor the Viceroy's grievance was not so much against the Lord Mayor as against Tho O'Donoghue. The Royal Commission for the Sydney and Melbourno Exhibitions has not accomplished much. The letters of advice and instruction from Melbourno wera sent by post, and reached this country when Parliament had risen and London was empty. In consoquonco of this misadventuro tho Commissioners virtually deolined to act. The Piinco of Wales is boing urged lo at least make a snow of doing " something " for Holbourne, but it ia difficult to seo what he and the rest of tho Commissioners eau now undertake. Mr. Childors, however, is moving in tho matter, and his iniluonco ia vury considerable. I may say that there is not tho slightest prospcot of the Prince of Wales or any other member of the Royal family coming out to Melbourne. The ca'se of Mr. Elliston has at length been sottled. The charges brought against that unfortunate gentle- man by Martin Weiberg are now admitted hy the Peninsular and Oriental Company to' bo utterly groundless. All legal proceedings have been stopped ; the company have made a vory handsome amende, and given Mr. Elliston a substantial compensation. The Orient Company have given notice that they will not carry any mails under their new Australian service. The Postmastor-General intends to offer them, and if they aro rofused, tho captain will bo prosecuted. The company will not object to this, inasmuch as it will draw public attention to their grievance. [This matter, wo learn by telegram, has since been satis- factorily settled.-ED.] 