 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN SEVEN DAYS BY jEBIAL EXPRESS. f Australian Sporttman.J The idea of ever accompliabing a voyage from Sydney to London in the short space of seven days, and especially by the means of locomo tion we propose, will seem to most of our leaders the height of abBnrdity and impossi bility ; but a careful and impartial investiga-. 'hon of the subject will shov.that it is neither loi visionary or impracticable as it at first sight appears, and, moreover, when we consider what has already been accomplished in tbis direction) add the immense strides science is daily making in all its branches, we are con strained to regard it as not only a possibility, but a probability of a! not distant future. If onr anceeters of a century ago had been told of tiie wonders that would be effected by steam and electricity, they would have regarded the matter as feeing just as absurd and impossible aa most people now consider the successful navigation of the air, yet so surely as we now zegard a passing train without wonder or sur prise, so wiil our posterity of a century hence re'gaid the' passing serial vessel. The distance from London to Sydney in a b?eilirie, or, in other words, as tbe crow flies, is in round numbers 10,000 miles, and to accomplish this within Beven days we. shall have' to maintain an average rate of progression of 60 miles per hour, a mile a - minute.- Tbis fate, will doubtless seem excessive to our read- { era, bnt when we consider that' it is a speed daily attained by express trains in England — ' and we know it could be greatly exceeded if it were not for tbe danger of tbe train leaving the track— we may surely abume that at least an equal rate of progression could be attained in the air, where there would be neither a track, to leave nor dangei'of collision. .' On an exam im^ion-of the chart we find that our- route wtmldMay 'right acruBs the' Australian Con tinent, dividing it almost in' half, and that we would pass within eight of Patramatta, Waller, awang, Batburst, Hill End, Cobar, and other towns not so well known ; but space' will not allow of us giving the names of even all the cofiotjies wtk would pass over, so we must refer oiir readera to' tlio map and pass on to our subject. . Of course, -'we do not mean' to say that seven days will be only an average journey, as ad verse , winds have to be taken into account in tbe air as well as on the ocean ; bnt we have, on the other hand, no hesitation in affirming that this will be greatly exceeded. Several successful balloon voyages have been made in times past, (i.e.), successful so far, that they accomplished journeys of considerable distances and attained a high rate , of speed without accident. The first of these, of any noto, waa that made by Mr.1 Green and two companions, in 1836, on which occasion they accomplished a journey of 500 miles in 18 hours. This was cclipsed by two cronauts in America, La -Mountain and Wise, who, in 1859, uiade. a. Toyage.of-llSO miles in- less than 20 horns; and in September of the same year, Mr. La Mountain made a voyngo of 300 miles in four hours, thus attaining a speed of seventy-five miles per bonr. The largest balloon ever con structed is the great ' Captivo ' of tbe Paris exhibition, which is capable of lifting twenty five tons weight; but hitherto all balloons have been at the mercy of the winds, and no seronaut at starting could say with any degree of certainty where his journey would -end. All attempts to guide a balloon have proved unavailiog, and it is scarcely to be wondered at when we consider its shape, for graceful though'it be, it is about the most unlikely form for guidance that could bell be construct ed. Aud as we could never hope to guide a vessel on the ocean built after the pattern of a tub, for precisely similar reasons, we can never hope to guide a balloon in the air. We there foro'mustch'oose another form for our' terinl vessel) aud after studying Nature's models; as exhibited in the shape of the fiBh and the bird, we 'come ao tho conclusion that a Combination of these two forms will be the . best we can adopt * ;We must also have a propelling power in our nrostat, independent of the wind, for as a vessel .placed in the ocean (though it were bnilt on tbe most approved lines) nbl^sa it had a motive power of some description, would be incapable of guidance. Just so it is with our serial ship. We must have a motive power, and the most suitable to onr purpose, we think, is to be found in an improved form of the gas engine driving a pair of nrial screws, the carry ing of fuel for which instead of beingaburdeu would tend to lighten our vessel. Neither time nor space will allow of our entering into a minute detail of the parts of our machine, and we can never expect to prove to, or con vince the multitude as. to the possibility of such a voyage by tbe use of pen, ink, and paper, but hope at some future date to give occular demonstration of its feasibility. Any experiments in this direction must necossarily be costly, as from .the nature , of the under taking it is impossible' to co'nduct them on a smaU scale.\ Tbe whole question amounts to this, that if the necessary funds were available, and a conference of scientific men and practi cal aeronauts took the. matter in hand in earnest, the problem of sarial navigation would soon be solved. What h grand thing if Aus tralians.' were ; the first- to solve it. What a grand opening to fame '.and honour Is ? here,' Come, then, Australians to the fore, and let your grand achievements on the water and in the field pale into insignificance when compared with your achievements in the air.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN SEVEN DAY-S BY JSRIAIi EXPRESS. (Australian Siiortsmani) The idea of accomplishing a voyage from Sydney to London in the short space of seven days, and especially by the means of locomotion we propose, will seem to most of our readers the height 'of absurdity and impossibility : but a careful and impartial investigation of the sub ject will show that it is. neither so visionary or impracticable as it at first .sight appears, aiid moreover, when we consider what has already been ncotnplislied in this direction j and the iininen.se strides science is daily making in. all its branches, we are constrained to regard it as not only' a possibility but a probability of. a not distant f ti, ture. If our- ancestors of. a century ago had been told of the wonders that would be - effected by steain and electricity, they would liava regarded the matter ns being just as absurd arid impossible as most people now con sider the successful navigation of the air, yet so 6urely _a.s we now regard a passing train with wonder or surprise, so will our posterity of a century hence regard the passing serial ves sel. The distance fro.tn Sydn.ey to London in a bee line, or, in other words, as the crow flies, is in round numbers 10,000 miles, and to accomplish this within seven days we 'shall have to maintain an average rate of progression of 60 miles.per hour, a mile a minute. This yate will doubtless seem excessive to ourreadere, but when we con sider th at it is a speed daily attained by express trains in England— and we know that it could be greatly exceed if it were not for the danger of ih.e train .leaving the track— we may surely assume. thr,t- at least an equal rate of progression could be attained in the air, where there would be. neither a track to leave nor- danger of a col lision.. On an examination of the chart we.find ihat: our roiite would lay right across -the Aus tralian Coiitineiit, dividing it almost in half, and that we xyould pass within, sight of P-arramatta, Wiillerwang, Bathurst; Hill End, Oribar, and other towns not so well known : but Bpnce will not allow of us giving the names of even all the countries we would pass over, so we must refer our readera. to, the map. and pass on to our sub- ject,: ; ; V . ; . - j 7 Of course, we do..ii,ot mean to. say that seven days will- only be an average j.oupney,r as. ad verse- windp have to; b.e. taken into account in the air as well as on the ocean;- but we have on the other hand, uo.hesjtation. in affirming that this will be greatly exceeded. Several successful balloon voyages have b.een 'made in-tiines past, (i.e.), successful s.o far, that they accomplished journeys of considerable distances and- at tamed a high rate of speed without accident. The first of these of any note was that made by Mr. Green and his two companions, in 1836; 011. which oc casion they accomplished a journey of 500 miles in 18 ho.ui's. This, was i clipsed by tw.o ajr.onants in America, La Mountain and Wise, who, 1859, made a voyage of 14.50. miles in less than. 20 hours ; and September of the saine year, Mr. La Mountain made a voyage of 300 miles in four hou.rs, tlms attaining a speed of 75 miles per hour. The largest balloon ever constructed is the great " Captive," of tlie Paris Exhibition, which is capable of lifting 25. tons weight ; but hitherto all balloons have beeqat tlie mercy of the w.in.ds, and noaeronant at starting could sny with any very great degree of certainty where his journey would end. All attempts to.guide :a balloon - have proved unavailing, and. it is scarcely to be wondered a.t when we consider its shape, for graceful though it be, it is. about the most unlikely form for gui.Ja.nce that could well be constructed. As we could never hope to. guide a vessel on tlie ocea.11 built after the pat tern of a tub, for precisely similar reaspns, we cap never hope to gliide a balloon in the air. We therefore must choose iinoth.er form toronr serial vessel, antl after, studying Nature's models as, exhibited in the shape of tlie fisjtand tlie bird we come to the gonclixsioii that a combination of these two forms will be the best we can adopt. We also must ljgve a propelling power in our- gsrostnt, independent of the wind, foi; as a ves sel. placed in tlie. ooeari (though it were built on the most approved lines), unless it had a motive pp.wer ot some description would be incapable of guidance. Just so it is with our serial, ship. We have a, motive power, and the most suitable to our purpose, w.e-think, it is to be found in ail improved form of the gas engine driving a pair, of serial: screws, the carrying of'fnel for \v.hjph, instead of bejng a bimlen would tend to. lighten, our vessel. Npitlier time or space will allow of our entering into. a minute detail of the. parts, of our lnachine, and we can never expp.ct to.prove. to, or convince tlxc.multkiidn nato. the possibility of sricb a voyage by thp use of pen, ink, an.d, paper, but hope at spin.e fiit.ure.. date. -to giv.e oculnr. de111.onj5trnJ.io11 of its. feasibility. Any' experiments: in I his direction; must be. necessarily costly, as from tlie nature of tlie undertaking it is impossible to conduct them. on. a amalt scale. The wliole question amounts to. this, that if tlie necessary funds were available, and a conference . of scientific men and practicle seronnuts took the mailer in hand in earnest, the probloin. of teria! navigation- will soon be solved. "What a grand tiling if Australians were the first to solve it; What a grand opening to fame and honour is here. Come, then, Australians to the fore, and let your- grand achievements on the water and in the field pale into insignificance when compared with your achievements in the ajr. 