 AN OCEAN RACE. Between Three' Wool Clippers. The Patriarch in First. Seventy-five Days Sydney to London. Owing to the maritime difficulty only three of the fleet of wool clippers could bo loaded and got away in time to catch tho January sales in London. Tiie clippers selected were tho . White Star ship Partiarch, the ship Cnnba , and tho ship Derwent. The Patriarch sailed oil Sunday morning October 26, the Derwent followed on the following morning, and tho Cimba cleared Sydnoy, Heads on October 30. The Patriarch thus had the start of the Derwent by one day, aiid was four days ahead of the Cimba. The 1 Patriarch labored under the great disadvantage of having tho marine growth of several months on her hull, wliilo hor opponents had been docked and cleaned and painted, and taking this into consideration it wns considored that even tho Cimba would pull up the difference. As the time passed, and the vessels' had been 70 days on the passage, thfir arrival in the Channel was looked for at any moment. s This morning Messrs. Moutefioro, Joseph and Co., the agents of the Patriarch, re ceived a cable from London announcing the arrival of that vessel at the docks after a smart passage of 75 days from Sydney. Her cargo consisted of 3735 bales wool, 240 slab copper, 2170 bags copra, 1G tons bones, 1872 bides, 25,000 horns, 404 casks tallow, 32 bales glue pieces, S7 bales leather and 5 bales skins. .-  NEW MAIL ROUTE. SYDNEY TO NEW YORK IN THIRTEEN DAYS. London in Twenty-one Days. London, September 2. An improved mail service between Sydney and Now York is proposed. The new route will he via Yokohama and Vancouver Island, and it is estimated tliat by tho adoption of this line transmission will only occupy 13 days, while the through servico to London will be reduced to 21 days.  AH OCEAD RACE. BETWEEN THREE WOOL CLIPPERS. Tiie Patriarch in First. Seventy-fiye Days Sydney to London. Owing to tlio maritime difficulty only three of the fleet of wool clippers could bo loaded and got away in time to catcli the January sales" in London.' Tho clippers selected were tlio Whito Star ship I'artiareh, tho ship Cimba and tho ship Dorwcnt. The Patriarch sailed oil Sunday morning October 20, the Derwent followed on tho following morning, and the Cimba cleared Sydney Heads on October 30. Tho Patria'reh thus had tiic start of tho Derwent by one day, und wns four days uhcud of tlio Cimba. The Patriarch labored under the great disadvatilngo of having the marine growth of several months on her hull, whilo hor opponents had been docked and cleaned and pain ted , an d taking this in to consideration it was considered that evon tlio Cimba would pull up the difleronce. As tho time passed, and tho vessels had been 70 days on-tlio passage, their arrival in tlio Channel was looked for at any moment. This morning Messrs. Monlcfioro, Joseph and Co., the agents of the Patriarch, rc coivcd a cable from London announcing the arrival of that vessol at tlio docks after a smart passnge of 75 days from Sydney. Hor cargo consisted of 3735 bales wool, 240 slab copper. 2170 bags copra, 16 tons bones, 1872 bides, 25,500 horns, 40-1- casks tallow, 32- bales glue pieces, 87 bales leather and 5 bales skins.  Sydney to London iu 18 Days. ''Sydney to London in eighteen days" is the latest scheme of progressive locomotion. Taking into consideration the known existence of under ground water in Australia, it is proposed to sink a number of artesian welis across the Australian continent and store the water in cool-covered reservoirs, which would form the various inland stations in a railway from Sydney to Port Dar win, and thus enable one to reach the former town by this new oveiland route in under three weeks from leaving Loudon. " Oue man's meat is another uian'e poison,'' and should the idea receive practical support, the future decline of Melbourne would be an inverse proportion to its miraculous growth, so that one cannot wonder that its inhabiianls do not favor this latest " Darwin" evolution theory. 