 LONDOX TO SYDNEY IN TWENTY NINE DAYS. At a speed of 16.3 knots per hour the P and O, Company's China came dashing along past Capi Borda yesterday morning (says Friday's 'S.M. Herald') from Albany to the Semaphore, where she anchored at three minutes to 2 in the afternoon, and landed the Enclish mails there in 27 davs. Under the postal authorities new mail contract it is hoped that a regular day of deliveiy will be maintained at thist end as nearly every 29 days as possible. The prospect of being able to run to London, spend a fortnight there, and back in Sydney ?n a couple of months or a little over, seems to be almost within reach.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN TWENTY NINE DAYS. AT a speed of 10"3 knots per hour the P. and O. Company's China came dashing along past Cape Borda yesterday afternoon (says Friday's Sydrley aloring Hlierald from Albany to the Semaphore, where she anchored at three minutes to 2 in the afternoon, and landed the English mails there in twenty-seven days. Under the postal authorities new mail contract it is hoped that a regular day of delivery will be maintained at this end as nearly every twenty-nine days as possible. The prospect ol being able to run to London, spend a fortnight there, and back in Sydney in a couple of months or a little over, seems to be almost within reach.  g From London to Sydney in u Twenty-nine Days. At a speed of 16*3 knots per hour the P. and O. Company's China came dashing along past Cape Borda on the morning of Sept. 30, from Albany to the Semaphore, where she anchored at three minutes to two in the afternoon, and lauded the English mails there in 27 days. Her Sydney mails were de- livered at 1*30 p.m last Saturday. This makes the fifth occasion on which the mails from London have reached Sydney in 29 days, namely by the Ormuz, on November 19, 1887 ; the Australia, May 6, 1893 ; the Hima- laya, June 17, and again the Austra- lia on November 4, 1893 ; and now by the China. The China herself reached Sydney at an early hour on Monday. Under the approaching new mail contract it is hoped that a regu- lar day of delivery will be maintained at this end as nearly every 29 days as possible. The prospect of being able to run to London, spend a fortnight there, and back in Sydney in a couple of mouths or a little over, seems to be almost within reach. 