 AERIAL ffAYIGATION. A SYDNEY INVENTOR. CLAIMS TO HAVE SOLVED THE PROBLEM. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR DAYS. The offer of a prize of £40,000 by the managers of the St.Louis Exhibition, to be held next year, for a steerage air-car, will no doubt stimulate inventors al over the world. Undoubted as was M. Santos Dumont's success a few months ago in going round the Effel Tower in Paris, it ia folfc f.hat lift linn nnf. f»rvnf,rihiit.Afl Trinoli to the solution of the real diffioulty. His lifting power is a balloon, but he himself regards this as only an expedient, for he says, 'I expect that a way will be found ol dispensing with the balloon, and on rely ing upon tho motors altogether before very long.' There is nothing new in ap plying balloons and kiteB to lifting other bodies — though suoli power is cumber some, inconvenient, and small. M. Du mont's knowledge was chiefly shown in his being able /to Bteer the car. What is wanted for successful aerial navigation is a combination of lifting and guiding. Mr. Charles Schwartz, of 116 King street, Newtown Sydney, claims to have invented an aerial car which fulfills both tlieso conditions. Somo months ago we gavo a description of his invention, and since then lie has mado somo improve ments on it, though tho essential principles remain the same. At first, Mr. SffliwnrM wo o mn oli lrei m nnmJ Vitt i»nn^ /if funds, but ho succeeded in securing the noeded financial assistanco, nnd the help of a Bkillcd engineer, and tho machine is in suoli an advanood state that lie hopes to he able to make a trial trip to tho course of a few weeks, and give a publio exhibition by tho end of three months. Mr. Sohwartz has deemed it desirable to increase the lifting power by the addi tion of a third wing, and to havo a 2} horse-power motor instead of a lialf-ho'rse. It will be controlled by ono man, and he estimates that, in addition, ho will be bo able to carry from tlireo to four hun dredweight. Tlio oar is built of alumin ium. cigar-shaped, 10ft. long by 2ft. wide, in the centre, enn be mndo to rise to any altitude, and is under complete control. Tl is believed that a speed of 80 miles an hour can bo obtained, and a journcv mado to Loudon — the distance to which, in a straight line, is given as 8,000 miles— within four days. Tf the coming oxperimcnt ? is successful, Mr. Schwartz intends building a muoli larger ear for competition at the St. T.ouis Exhibition.  Prom Sydney to London. . la 25 Days. j - London. Saturday. I The Canadian Postmaster-General, Mr. W. Mulock, is urging the es tablishment of a line of 18 knot ? steamers from Sydney to Vancouver : for connection with the fast Atlantic line, placing London and Sydney within 25 days of each other. Canada is also about to establish a line of cargo stsamers between a Canadian Atlantic port and the chief Australian and New Zealand ports, not touching at the Cape. At the present time the first vessel is expected to sail from Canada in J anuary next.  Aerial Navigation. A. Sydney Man's Invention. To London in Four Days. The offer of n prize of £40,000 by tho managers of tho St. Louis Exhi bition, to be held next year, for a stcomblo air-car, will no doubt stimu- 1 Into iuvoutors all over the world. | Undoubted as was II. Santos Duinont's success a few months ago in going xuuim tne -tjiuei lower in l'aris, it is felt that ho has not contributed much to tho solution of the real dilliculty. His lifting power is a balloon, but ho himself regards this as only an ex pedient, to bo used so long as nothing bolter is discovered, for he says, ' I oxpect that a wiiy will be found of dispensing with the balloon, and of re lying upon the motors .altogether be fore very long.' There is nothing new in applying balloons and kites to lifting other bodies — though such power is cumbersome, inconvenient, , and small. M. Dumont's knowledge was chioily shown in his being ablelo ateer tho car. WJiat is wanted for : successful aerial navigation is a com- : bination of lifting and guiding. I BJr. Charles Schwartz, of 11 (i King- 1 street, Newtown, claims to have in- ! vented an aorial car which fulfills both these conditions. Some months ago wo gave a description of his invention, and since then he has m.iilo some im provements on it, though the essential principles remain the same. At firsi;, Mr. Schwartz was much hampered by want of funds, but bo .succeeded in securing the needed linaueil assistance, and the help of a skilled engineer, awl the machine is in such an' advanced state that ho hopes to be able to make a trial trip in the course of a few weeks. aiul give a public exhibition by the end of three months. Mr, Schwartz has deemed it desir able to increase tho lifting power by tho addition of a third wing, and to liave a 2^ horse-power motor instead ?of a half-horse. It will bo controlled by one man, and ho estimates that, in ?addition, |he will bo able to carry from throo to four hundredweight. The car is built of aluminium, cigar shaped, 10ft. long by 2ft. wide in the centre, can bo made to rise to any altitude, and i.s under complete con trol. It is believed that a speed of 80 miles an hour can bo obtained, and a journey maclo to London— the dis tance to which, in a straight lino, is givon as 8000 miles — wii-bin four days. If the coming experiment is success ful, Mr. Schwartz intends building a much larger car for competition at the St. Louis Exhibition.  Aerial Navigation. A SYDNEY INVENTOR. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR DAYS. The offer of a prizj of £40,000 by the managers of the St. Louis Exhi bition, to be held next year, for a steerage air-car, will no doubt stimu late inventor* a'l over the world. Un doubted at wa« Mr. Santos DumontY success a few months ago in going round the Effel Tower in Paris, it is felt that he has not contributed raucli to the soluiion of the real difficulty. His lifting power is a balloon, bot he himself regards this as only an expedient, for he says, " I expect that b way will be found of dispensing with the balloon, and on relying upon the motors altogether before very long." There is nothing new in applying balloons and kites to lifting other bodies-though such power is cumbersome, inconvenient, and small. M. Dumont'e knowledge was chiefly shown in his being able to steer the car. What is wanted for successful serial navigation is n combination of lifting and guiding. Mr. Charles 8chwariz, of 116 King | street, Newtown, Sydney, claims to have these sonditions. Some months ago we gave a description of bis in vention, and since then he has made some improvements on it, though the essential principles remain the tame. At first, Mr. Schwartz was much hampered by want of fundi, but^he succeeded in securing the needed financial assistance, and the help of a skilled .engineer, and the machine is in such an advanced etale that he hopes to be nble to make a trial irip in the course of a few weeks, and give a public exhibition by the end of three months. Mr. Schwarie has deemed it de sirable to increase the lifting power by the addition of a third wing, and to ha«e a2J horse power motor in stead of a half-horse. Tt will be controlled by one man, and he esti mates that, in addition, he will be able to carry from three to four hundredweight. The car is built of aluminium, cigar-shaped, 10ft. long by 2ft. wide, in the centre, can be made to rise to any altitude, and it under complete control. It is be lieved that a speed of 80 miles an hour can be obtained, and a journey made to London-the d««tanc3 to which, in a straight line, is given' as 8,000 miles-within four days. If the coming experiment is successful. Mr. Schwarie intendb building a much larger car for com petition at the St. Louis Exhibition. 