 NAVAL ENGAGEMENT NEAR PORT ARTHUR. RUSSIAN SQUADRON DEFEATED. PORT ARTHUR BOMBARDED FOUR DAYS. INTERNATIONAL COMPLICATIONS EXPECTED (FROM OUR SYDNEY EDITOR.) . LONDON, Sunday. Router's correspondent reports'that tho Askold . and -Gromoboi hay» arrived at Shanghai. Tho Askold claims tho right to remain in port ns . she iib'no longer sea- worthy. The . commander of thc Japanese cruiser Fujlmoto's report relating to. thc capturo of thc Russian steamer Rochltclni, In Ch'e fu Harbour, states that,ho.was entitled to, fight or capture'the Rcchltclni. Hu sent tho Lieut, to tell Captain Hostchakovski that he must fight in tho open, or bo tow- ed out of port. Captain Rostchakovskl, who lind privately ordered tho gunpowder to bc arranged so as to blow up every- thing, throw himself on tho Lieut., and both fell overboard.. Tho fight extended to the sailors, and several fell- overboard struggling, sonic of . whom perished." Cap- tain Rostchakovskl's mission to Chefoo was of an important .'nature. Ho burned tho papers licforo tho Japanese arrived. Tho latest report states that, tho Xovlk escaped from a Gorman port. Tho Germans aro said, to bo. assisting/the* Russions to repair, .tho. Cncsarovltch. It ls reported - that '* Rear-Admiral Wit goeft was killed in the recent battlo off Port Arthur. A strong detachment of I ho Japanese fleot sailed south to intercept Iho Vladl vostock . fleet. Tho Japanese cruiser Takakhiho ropi.n.b to Tokio that Admiral Togo engaged tho Vlndivostock squadron cit Tsushima cn Sunday. Tho Russian destroyer -Boomi -wos benched and blown up. on thoi-south " cc est of Shantung Promontory. Tito crow walk- ed to Wol-hni-wci. Germany is enforcing'''-neutrality, lows with respect to the Russian warships that hnvo taken refuge nt Slngto. Several, Russian transports have loft Liban for tho Far East. Admiral Togo.reports that tho combined fleet attacked tho Russian squadron 25 milos south-east of Port Arthur, and thon pursued 'tho-'-Russians eastward. Sharp fighting continued from ' 1 . o'clock until sunset, by which'time tho. enemy was ap- parently beaten. Some vossels woro greatly damaged. As tho Ano wcakonod tho battlo formation, was completely deranged. Tho Askold, Novlk, Cesarovitch, Pallada, and tho destroyers fled southward ; tho, rest retreated to Port Arthur,- Wo found llfobuoys and other articles belonging to tho Cncsarovlteh floating in tho sen. Our damage was slight, our fighting power .be- ing unimpaired. Tho casualties woro about 170. Tho Japanese ? bombarded Port Arthur with solgo guns for four Unys. . Tho Hussion roply tb liri tain's represen- tation ro tho sinking of tho Knight- Com- mander points out that tho regulations of 1805 woro horotoforo uncontested, and sho thnrvforo maintains that theso regulations hold good until an arraugomont is arrived' ot. It. ls boliovod that International compli- cations may follow tho violation hy Japan of a neutral port in connection with tho seizure of a Russian torpedo boat in Cho fu Harbour, Cormany and Franco support Russia's protest to tho Ohlnoso Government nt. Pekin with reference to tho seizure. 