 LONDON TO ADELAIDE. VL-V PORT DARWIN AND RUSSIA. TWENTY DAYS' PASSAGE. SYDNEY'. April i. Mr. Georce P.# Doolette (Chairman of the Great Boulder Mjne, Kalgoorlie. and President of the Mineowners' Ccundl, Leu don), in the course of an interview to-day, said that the energies of some influential financiers in London were being bent m the direction of bringing London within 2ft days' communication of Adelaide. This was to be established by the completion of the Transcontinental Railway from Ade laide to Port Darwin and the duDlicutiun of the Russian railway from Siberia, a concession for which liad already been granted, and fteps were being taken lor its construction. The distance between Port Arthur and Port Darwin would be covered by competing shin-ping companies, who would establish regular lines of stea mers for that trade.  "MISSIiNG AT LLOYD'S" THE DUNDONALD POSTED 229 DAYS OUT FROM SYDNEY OUR SPECIAL MESSAGE. , LONDON, Thursday, 2.55 p.m. - The fouT-masted barque Dundonald,' which sailed from' Sydney "for Pal-mouth as far ibaclc as February 17, has been posted, at Lloyd's as missing. '  The Colonial Conference SIR WILFRID LAURIER'S PROPOSAL PACIFIC- ATLANTIC ROUTE VIA CANADA 24 DAYS FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON WELCOMED BY ENGLAND SIR JOSEPH WARD DISAP POINTED London, Wednesday. At the Colonial Conference, Sir Wilfrid Laurier submitted a resolution favoring the establishment of -a mail service to Australia and New Zealand via Canada. His proposal is divided in two parts, one affecting the Atlantic, the other the Pacific. It is proposed that the Atlantic servico should finual the existing service to New York, thus saving two days. He allowed four days on sea, four days across Canada. This means an accelerated service. He proposed on the Pacific side to establish a service of at least 18 knots, which would bring Sydney within 24 ' ' days of Lon don. The cost would be borne by the several contributing governments in equitable shares. He hinted that Canada was prepared to subsidise up to £250,000. Mr Deakin warmly commended the proposal so far as Canada was concern ed but he doubted if Australia and New Zealand could obtain' a service quicker than the one they already possessed for a reasonable price. Owing to the two transhipments, the line would only do for mail and passengers. Australia was en couraging faster means of communica tion through the Suez Canal and via the Cape, which saved any tranship ment. feir wm. .Lyne reared a very large subsidy would be required.' Probably it would take 30 days to reach Aus tralia via New Zealand. - The present trade was not great, but he thought that the Federal Parliament would look favorably on any scheme which deserved inquiry. Sir Joseph Ward was greatly disap pointed at the suggested speed. He said it was impossible to get a fully equipped fast mail service unless Great Britain, Canada, Australia and Now Zealand joined hands in paying £300,000 to £600,000, whicli ought to supply a 23 knot service with England and Canada, also' a 21 knot service between Vancouver and Australia. New Zealand now provided £40,000 a year, but she would give £100,000 towards a swift mail service bringing the Colono within 20 days of England. Canada and Australia could save all the money they were now spending on immigration if they established a fast service and adequate third class accommodation, with, cheap transit to go across Canada. Mr Lloyd George considered that the views expressed during the dis cussion showed how difficult was the problem. If great speed was essential tha cost might bn absolutely prohibi tive. A resolution waa ^finally carried unanimously on the following terms 'That this Conference' is of opinion that the interests of the Empire demand as far as practicable that its different portions should be connected by the best possible means of mail communication, travel and transporta tion, and that it is advisable that Great Britain be connected with Canada, and through Canada with Australia and New Zealand by the best service avail able within reasonable cost. For the purpose of carrying the above project into effect such financial support as may be necessary should be contri buted by Great Britain, Canada, Aus tralia and New Zealand in equitable proportions.'  THE ALL-RED HOUTE. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 26 DAYS. Melbourne, october 30. _ On board the Union liner Maranui, wlncu arrived in the bay to-night, was Sir Janies Mills, the managing director of the Unioi. Steamship Company, who has been absent for some time in Great Britain uttcudinj the conference of steamship owners. Dur- ing his visit he has been making endeavois to have a faster steamship Eervice insti- tuted between England and Australia by way of Canada and New Zealand. Thcr. is every prospect, he says, of his efforts proving successful, and of the time for a through passage from London to Sydaey being reduced to 20 or 28 days. Sir Jame.* said the papers at home were full . of articles urging the necessity of a more expe- ditious service between Great Britain and Australia via Canada and New Zealand. He was not yet in a position to say much as to developments in that direction, but it was already known that a committee, appointed by the Imperial Government, was taking evidence in connection willi the "all-red" service. Nothing would be done until that committee's . report wa* »laced before the Imperial^ Government, That might not be for some time. _ v A syndicate of London financial men was preparing a scheme to lay before the imperial Government for a fast service by the "all-red" route, both for the con- venience of passengers and the more prompt delivery oí mailsin New Zeahnd and Aus- tralia. The service.'would carry passengers right through from London to Sydney in from 20 days to 28 days. The idea was to construct a railway across Ireland to Black Sod Bay, county Mayo, on the extreme north-west coast. A steam ferry capableT-oi carrying a railway train and its passengers bedily would then be run to Bhck Sod Biy from a point in Scotland, which it was not at present advisable for him to name. Pas- sengers from London could thereby belen ablcd to book right through to Black Sod Bay without transhipment. A fast service of up-to-date steamers would, be established from, there to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and from that place tourists and mails would travel across Canada by an improved and fast thain service to Vancouver. At Vancou- ver they would embark for New Zealand and Australia on new steamers of a largsr and faster type than those at present run- ning from there. The costliness of the ser- vice would essentially require payment of liberal subsidie«. Sir James said the Union Company were having four additional steamers built for the Pacific route. One of them, which would be of the same type as the Maranui, but about 1,000 tons larger-7,500 tons gross register-would he used in the present ser; vice. She would have a speed of not less than sixteen knots per hour, and would be launched about the end of October, 1908. If it was decided that tlic service should remain as at present another vessel of the same class would follow twelve months later. >  AN ENGLISHMAN ON AUSTRALIA, From London! to Adelaide in 20 Days. Sydney, Friday. ' Air. Doolotto, of London, chairman of tho G rent Boulder. mine, is much impressed with"thn country! through which.ho pnssod in travelling from Syd- ney to' Brisbane. This country, liko ninny other parts of Australia, ho said, needed more capital and moro people Ho had been intorqsted in tho discus- sion " which lind taken place on tho question of .tho construction of tho transcontinental railway'in its relation to. existing lines in Queensland. Ho hoped ^thnt- when tho whole' question wnS ;bolhg Uonlt with hy tho'Federnl Pnrlinmont ovory consideration would bo given to tho linking up of tho matti trunk lino 'with tho existing lines in tho different Stntos nnd with the sub- sidiary HnoB thnt may ho projected for:tho-moro effectual opening up of .tho - country and tho establishment of stock, routes. At present tho energies of somo influontinl financiers in Lon- . don wore hoing bont in tho direction of bringing, London within; 20 days' com-' munlcation of Adelaide. ' This wns to' bo established hy the', completion of. tho transcontinental rnilwny from Ado lnido to Port Dnrwin and tho 'duplica- tion nf the Russian railway through Siberia, a concession for which lind al- i ready been granted. Steps worn being tnkon for its construction. Tho dis- tance botweon Port Arthur and Port Dnrwin would bo covered by competing ; shinning companies, which 'would cs-1 tablish regular ' lines of steamers for .' that trade. ? 