 PROTRACTED VOYAGE. 145 DAYS FROM LONDON. Sydney. Aus-tist 25. Tlic appearance of tht overdue ship Ver- bena on poit this morning wa-» hailed with delight by the shipping fr.tternitv, fear« having been entertained for her safety, ow- ing to her lengthy passage. The ship was, 14.> da>s making the passage irom London, and Captain Lee describes the vojage as be- ing o tedious one-, owing to the» preval»nc>: of contrar», winds The onlv notable mci dent of ifu» voyage was the «Kath o," i j sailor. Charles IMert-on. Irom heart disease, the bod> hi mg buried at sea.  ''^assf [?] *T T the South American iro ute ' ' ??J-«'\v, thirty days to Melbourne and . «,-;;,? until im m CBDw5r iWil notj  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TWENTY DAYS. THREE ROUTES OPEN. A MATTER OF MONEY ONLY. 'YOU WILL NOT PAY FOIt IT.' ('Sunday '/Inica' Special.) 'It's a fool notion, anyhow.' ' 'Why?' 'Because It Is.' 'But there must bo moro reason than 'becnuso'.' 'Woll, you might got It, but you can not pay for It.' ?'? ' 'Cannot ?' 'Well, you will not, and that's about tho samo thine.' 'I want to know what there 'is to pro vent a servlco between Sydney and Lon don .occupying not moro than twenty days ?' ? This was the question put to a shipping manager by a I'Sunday Times' representa tive yesterday. It was a continuation of .the scries of inquiries instituted a week ago. ? Tho question was productive of tho opening sentences. 'If I understand your question aright, you want to leave Sydney to-day and bo in London in three weeks' time?' said tho shipping man Interviewed. ' ' 'That's about It.' , 'Well, you can't do It.' 'Can It bodono In. twenty Oays' actual travelling If we take out tho stops ju rucl depots?' 'There arc vessels afloat that have suf ficient speod to .cover the distance, but you ennnot apply them to this trade.' 'But If wo aro ready to pay for it, can It bo done?' 'I will not say it cannot, but I am will ing, to stand to it that you ' WON'T FOOT THE BILL for such a luxury.' 'Why, If we can cut the tlmo of tho journey down by half?' 'Well', In tho flrst place, a steamer to cover tho trip would cost about £1,000,000. Sho would consume 1000 tons of coal a { day at tho necessary speed of 25 knots, as against ISO tons a day for 18 knots. With coal at, say, £1 a ton, that Is £1000 a day instead of £150.' 'Yes, but there Is 'the saving of time.' 'Let us go into It then. How does It ] work out? We will say twenty days' J steaming at 25 knots — that is £20,000. Say at 18 knots you take 35 days, that is a coal bill' of only £5250. Then you have to carry the coal; how aro you going to get ovor that difficulty. Anyhow, you are paying £15,090 to save fifteen days.' 'Well, at 25 'knots, it will take' five days to cover the dlstanco between Fremantlo and Colombo. That is the longest stretch. Over that journey 5000 or C00O tons of coal will bo consumed.' 'Yes, that is It, and the ship will bo like a balloon on the water when sho gets to Colombo.' ' 'But does this not apply to tho Maure tanla and Lusitanla?' 'Yes, but the wholo Journey Is covered In six days.' 'But that ilocs not alter tho conditions, IF YOU CAN GET OVER THE GROUND at tho rate you want to. Whon you got to Colombo you get enough coal in to start again on tho second stage.' 'Yes, that Is right enough, but it comes back to tho old argument. ^ \ro you pro pared to pay Cor it? It you are, then I suppose it can- bo done.' 'You must not overlook the fact that your express steamers cannot pass through the Suez Canal,' said (v commercial man. 'Steamers ot the size of , the Maurotanla would have to como via tho Capo route.' It has to bo pointed ou't*iii this con nection;- however, .that the i Capo route iB 'only 1200, miles further than- tho Suez, .route,: which- would-'raa1c6a';dlfferenco 6t' only' two'dnys 'to a 'Lusitahlai From Lon don to Capetown it .'is , 5S40 ' miles, or nlno Mays 20 hours' steaming for a 25 knot boat. There still remain nine days In which to cover the 5400 miles between Capetown and Adelaide. This route does not require inclusion of tho rail connec tion at the London end, the only rail route being that between Adelaide and Sydney.' AS FAR BACK AS 1907 tho all-red route proposals of Sir Wilfred Laurler showed the possibility of a 23 days' service between Sydney and London. Theso proposals only allowed for 18 to 21 knot boats across tho Pacific, tho 25-knot run being taken up on the Atlantic route. With 25-knot boats at each end, London could be reached easily from Sydney in twenty days. All that was reaulred to ensure the 23 days' trip was a subsidy of £500,000 to a steamship company, of which tho Canadian Government was will ing to pay £250,000. Tho time on the journey was outlined as follows by the officials of the Imperial Treasury, Board of Trade, and Canadian and Australasian, representatives:-— ,' \ ALL-RED ROUTE. - Atlantic Ocean .. ..,.. 25 knots ' l'acille Ocean ? IS ami 21 knots Leave London (say) June 1, Friday, 7 p.m. Arrive Jllucksod, June 2. 0 a.m.,- leave 10 a.m. ,, Halifax, June u, 0-9 p.m., leave 10 p.m. „ Vancouver, June 9, 10 p.m., leave mid night. ??'??::??? IS KNOTS. . Arrive Honolulu. June 15, 10 a.m., leave 4'p.in.. „ Suva, June 21, .midnight, leave 0 a.m., 22nd. ., Auckland, June .24, 10 p.m.. leave 2 a.m., 25th.' ??'.'.:? „ Sydney, June 27, midnight. ' Londf.n to Sydm-y .. ... 20 days 5 hours. London to Auckland . . 23 days 3 hours. 21 KNOTS. Arrive Honolulu, Juno 14, 4 p.m., leave 10 p.m. . ,, Suva,June 20, 9 a.m., leave 3 p.m. ,, Auckland, June 22, 10 p.m., leuve 2 a.m.. 23rd. .-..-?. . '?? . i ??';??? ,, Sydney, June 25, 2 p.m. London to Sydney .... 23 days 19 houra. London to Auckland .. 21 days 3 hours. As a matter of -fact, a -25-knot servlco on tho Pacific side would bring the Jour ney to a termination under 20 days. It will be noted that throughout this ar ticle tho questions of oilfuel and Inter nal combustion engines havo been avoided. The matter as it relates to coal-burning ships alone has been considered. Next week consideration will bo given to, these two questions. ?  AUSTRALIA TO ENGLAND. SHORTENING THE TRIP. AN ANDES TUNNEL. SYDNEY-LONDON, 27 DAYS, AIKLBOURNK. Monday. The, Postal Department has received through the Secretary of Stntu for the Colonies nn extract from a report by a British representative at Santiago on tin; railway which passes th-migh the Andes. The extract, which elaborates mi event referred to in the cables some niimthri ago, wa.s as follows: — ' A stoic event occurred on November 17 in tho linal meeting ot tlie two xunneis tum nit-need .some five years ago from the Chilian and Argentine sides of the Andes. The work has been earned on .ctendily and quietly by n syndicate, chiefly English, and of which the on 'ini'efs have bee.n English. It is stated Hint, at the point of piercing only a difference of inches in the horizontal it ml vertical direction was 'found. The. tunnel will make nn all-train journey now possible between Buenos Ay res, Santiago, nnd A'alparaiso, and with a nuiek MeninerKiwvire between England mill tin' River I'late. and between A'nl. parniso nnd Sydney, it will shorten the joir'ney t» Australia by 15 dnys. Tlie Company expects to lie able to run trnins throughout the your, and it is felt here that Chili i.- not so isolated from Europe n.s she wn.- before the nd. vi»nt of the tunnel. II will be seen that if this now route is u-od for mails. Ict ?or-: oiiii be delivered in Sydney from London in 27 dnjv as against 31 days i under the new mail contract.'  AUSTRALIA TO ENGLAND. SYDNEY-LONDON, 27 DAYS. Melbourne. March 14. The Postal Department has received through the Secretary of State for the Colonies an extract from a report by a British representative at Santiago on the railway which passes througii the Andes. Hie extract, which elaborates an' event referred to in the cables lows;.— 'An historic event ' oc curred on November 17th in the final meeting of the two tunnels com menced some five years ago from the Chilian and 'Argentine 'sides of th-» Andes. The work has been carried on steadily and^ quietly iy a svndicate, chiefly English, and of which ~ tbe en gineers have been' English. It is stated that at the point of piercing only a dif ference of inches in the horizontal and veitical direction was found. TW tunnel will make ani all-train 'journey riow pos sible between Buenos Ayres, Santiago, and with a quick steamer ' service be tween England and the River Plate, and between Valparaiso and Sydney, it wQl ehcrten the journey to Australia, by 15 days. The company expects to lie able to run trains throughout tbe year, and it is felt here that Chili is not so W&ati,&,(1from lEtuaoeufu^she'iiriiB before the' 'advent of the tumid. It will bo sse5s^e^======i.,,;,. „.j. ii..... ^ecp'tJuit1 «^.rpute,.:jsluBedi for niils. lfettei-s , -»n.;beid#vgre-l m §yd ney^ro^.I^pgtt ift^^ft m-^ewt 31 days und£r tqe ,ncw mair-yntract.  FROM LONDON Tp SYDNEY IN" TWENTY SE\ EN DAYS. Tb« Secretary oí Stute l'or the Colonies (the Kkrl of Crewe), iii a despatch to thc Postmastrr-Oencral of l he Commonwealth, says .thc London " Daily Mail," points out that thc new railway across the Andes jiro» ides a short toute for the Australian mails. The despatch estimates (hut, with Ute co-dperaliou ol ra^id Klt-unidiip ser- vice», the English mails would reach Syd- ney hy the. South tkmerinui route in (.wendy-seion day«-fifteen dam to Buenos . Ayre«, two duyis' rail to Valparaiso, and tea' days thence lo Sydney. The pre- sent contract times for the carriage of the mails via Naples arc thirty-one days to Kydney, thirty day« to Melbourne, und twenty-nine days to Adelaide. The mail contract of thc Commonwealth (lovcrn menl*vlth the Orient Company will nat expire until 1020.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TWENTY DAYS. 1 AUSTRALIA NEEDS A FASTER SERVICE. EXPRESS STEAMERS OF 2a KNOTS. HOW THE SEA JOURNEY COULD BE REDUCED. ('Sunday TlmcB' Special.) When Jules Verno wrote 'Around the World In Eighty Days,' ho had nothing but Imagination upon which to base his calculations. To-day Australia Is In a position to demand a servlco\ 'from Sydnoy to Lon uon in twenty days,* bec'auso 25 and 26 knot boats are now travelling tho oceans of tho world. 'Impossible !' 'Preposterous !' 'You don't know what you aro talking about !' wore tho exprosslvo replies which woro accorded to tho 'Sunday Times' repre sentative who approached shipping men with tho question as to the prospect of. reaching London in twenty days from Sydney. Briefly, London Is 12,555 miles distant from the capital of Kpw South Wales. As far as tho actual mileage goes, the dis tanco can be covered in the' following times by steamers running at from 18 to, 25 knots an hour : FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON. At 13,knots, 29 days 17 hours. At 50 knots, 20 days 18 hours. At 25 knots, 20 days 22 hours. Tho distance between tho two points is given in miles, but as 33 knots equal 38 miles, tho spaco to be covered is ra duced by 1750 miles when considered In knotB. Taking tho actual Journey to be j covered, wo find that tho . Lusitanla or Mauretania, each of which can travel at an AVERAGE SEA SPEED OP 25.85 AND 25.89 KNOTS respectively, would cover tho distance or 10,805 knots In about 20 days 7 hours. At 18 knots It is, roughly, 10 days' steam from Fremantlo to Colombo, and from tho latter port to Marseilles Jt is another 15 days ; that is, 25 days ovsr tho two long stretches. If, however, wo tako the last port of call in Australia, and tno flrst port on the Continent, connected by fast rail with London, wo flnd that a 25-knot boat would cover the distance in 13 days, leav ing a balance of seven days In which to make tho overland journoys from Sydney to Fremantle, and from Marseilles to Lionuon. At present tho journey by express from Marseilles to London, including tha cross-Channel trip, takes about 24 hours, so that, given a fast steamship service, exclusive of stoppages between Freman tlo and Marseilles, we have -six days in which to accomplish tho journey from ?S^dSpy to Fremantle. ; 'a jjst train service on an overland line fromvtllG Eastern States to Freman tlo wouldlTi^S us within FIFTEEN DAYS\ ACTUAL STEAMING TIME o'ftvLONDGN via Marseilles. ThoVateamInS time be tween Sydney and Fre^'tle without a stop would bo four daysMor..;.% 25-knot boat. 'If wo had a fast express iKnn i8W* vice, averaging 45 to^P miles an hour, the distance overland^vould be covered in less time, leavitjjfftwo days to tho good for the occanjiSrp. Tho ^reat^irfwjmbllng block In tho way of thoj'Hjea service Is tho expense in driving thei{§r express mall steamers, and, in our oSse, thero would be tho additional prob lem of providing sufficient coal to supply such a vessel over the flrst great stretch of water from Fremantle to Colombo. The Lousltanla consumes, in her 25-knot raco across the Atlantic, about 1000 tons of coal a day, whereas, in the case of an 18-knot vessel, the supply only amounts to about 150 tons per day. Hopeless as this makes the 25-knot servico appear, when we turn to. THE QUESTION OF OIL FUEL we find something which puts an alto gether different complexion on the ' mat ter. As a matter of fact, 1000 tons of oil fuel will do the work of 2000 tons of coal, and take up but half the space. In ad dition, it will givo an extra knot an hour to the vessel using it. This advantage in a journey extending over 500 hourB is a factor of considerable importance. 'Why, then, if oil fuel is so advanta geous, is it not used ?' tho expert, who gave this information,* was asked. \^*4 . tvaa iuu ic^iij, lua 4UV3UUU ID one that it is very difficult to answer. Conservation, in : the first place, accounts for tho slow progress made in this direc tion. Tho engineers, as a class, aro also opposed to It. Again, you havo to con Blder tho opposition which comes from these interested In coal mines. This, in itself, is a big obstacle to be surmounted by those who are advocating the use of oil fuel.' , 'How about the cost of the two fuels ?' ? 'Well, it all depends where you get it. In Java, or in that neighborhood, for in stance, oil fuel is choapor than coal. Hero in Sydney it is dearer ; but then we havo never gone into tho question of handling it in big lots.. If thero was tho same de mand hero for oil as- thero is for coal,, I think it would be nearly 'as cheap, 'and, of course', .' . MUCH MORE EFFICIENT.' There Is, howover, now in process of development a power which, when per-, footed, will render us free from the per plexities of steam engines, capable of driving tho Australian mall steamers at 25 to Z0 knots an. hour. That Is tho In ternal comDustion engine, wnicn nag niuclo ncrlal navigation possible, and with which, for tho uso- in sea-going 'vcssol's; the Admiralty has so - successfully ex perimented. Tho onglno, which yields 300 horse power in tho giant dirigible balloons to day, is capablo, of development, and It Is being perfected' rapidly. In tho -.plea for a. twoitfy-day servico between Sydney and London wo only havo tlio difficulty of providing for tjie storago of sufficient fuol. Tho expense, groat though it is, can bo borne by tho com munity if they havo from 10 to 15 days clipped 'off the tlmo occupied on tho Jour -'TIME IS MONEY' ? moro so to-dny than ever before, and It wo can. get twice tho efllcloncy from' 2000 tons of oil f fuel ' than wo cau from 2000 tons- of coal, it ;is ,-up to tho people, of Australia to find out why oil is not lis^d more generally as a timoand money-saver. If tho internal : combustion ongino. will glv,o groator .efficiency than either oil . or' coal, Australia must begin to learn some thing about it -.' '? ,i, .;.'j- '- ;iTo-day, /tho'-manwho leaves Sydney on January 1 in an ? lS-knot boat gets to London on . February 12— that lsi 43;daya, including stoppages. At tho ; other end ,ot tho world Xhoro aro over tyronttf'Steamo^' mEmmm. abo\UVl8.' ?;,???' ?;?'-?? :???????  NEW MAIL ROUTE. -0 SYDNEY TO LONDON. SAVING OF FOUR DAYS. MELBOURNE, Monday. Tbo roderai Postal Dfpartment bas recciyed , through tho Secretary of Stute foi the Colon-I les an cxtiact from a leport by tho British repi'osentatiyo at bintlngo on the raliway which pisses through Uto Andes The extract yyhleh elaborates un eyent leferred to In the cables somo mouths ago is ns folloyva - An historic event occurred on Noy ember 17 In the fliml meeting of the two tunnels com- menced some flvo years ago from the Chilian and Argentino sido of th&lt; Andes The yvoik1 has beou cal ried on steadily and quietly by a syndicate chiefly English and tbo englnoora, haye been English It lu styled that al tho point of pleiclng only ii dlfforonco of Inches In tho horizontal and vertlenl din étions yyasl found lho tunnel will m iko nn nil train I Journey now possible botyveen Buenos Ayres Santiago and Valparaiso and with a quick i si earner soi vice betiyeen England and tho Rlvor Plato and boin oen Valparaiso md Syd ney it oufcht to bliorten the Journey to Ans trnlla-Iii days from England lo Buenos Ayics 2 dn>s fiom there to Valparaiso and 10 days from tho latlei port to Sydney The company expects to bo nbla lo run trains throughout Hie yeni and It Is felt hero that Chill Is not so Isolated from Europe as sho was boforo tho advent of the luiinol It will be si on Hi it If this now route Is UBod for malls letters etui bo dollyornd In Svdnoy fiom London In 27 dnjs as ngilnst 11 under tho noiv mall contract  Sydney to .London in 20 Days. Thu' "Sunday Times" writes :-There- ara four, distinct routes open for consideration In any. scheme evolved for a 'quick service between . Sydney and Loudon :-Via'., Suez, via'Cupotown, via ? Canada, via Panama. Tho .-last-named route' ,wlll not be avail- able probably until'vi Din,, but'the raliway crossing Mexico, 1200 miles" north of 1'anamu. now being built by Slr Weotninn l'ourson,''at a coat of £10,000,000, will bo open before) the canal. This rulhvuy ls 1.1)0 miles - long, thu terminal points 'being Conlzucoulcos on thc Atlantic nnd' Salina Cruz on tho Pacific. With steamers travel- ling ut everyday Atlantic and Pacific speeds,. as fur buck i|S 11)07, it was esti- mated' that tho Journey frum London to Auckland, vin this route, would occupy 22J days, and to Sydney 25J days. Over the ^Sties', route tho distance from. Sydney to London is 12,505 miles, nnd via flic Panama ('anal lt is 12,-110 miles from Sydney to Plymouth. , . &lt; 'Jteally, .we have (Ive routes 'to choose from, and ' on throe of th.'in wc have 25 to ,27-knot. bouts em tho .Atlantic passage. All Hint is wanted lo bridge .thu 'l'iiclllcln siidlclent tinio tO'imiki; the whole Journey In 20 days, ls a service of 25-knot bouts. Tho nvoruge distance ls shout 1.2,0'0O. miles by each route, and us 2ä-knot boats are referred to-'all through, this leaves us with' the advantage ' of tho difference,'. .heh. tween iniles nnd knots to the good. As a matter (if fact, Mil ? knots, equal HH miles, and (iver ii. Iwenly-duy trip the difference would be very considerable. ' .  TEDIOUS VOYAGE. 135 DAYS FbOM LONDON. (Renter's Telegram.) . . SYDNEY. Tneedav. The barque Marion Woodside ar rived to-day from London. The voy age occupied 135 days, owing to the continuous bad weather.  A LI4 VOYAGIE. 133 DAYS FfOMI LONDON TO SYDNEIY. Sydncy, May 3i. The barque Marion Wocdsid_, the arr:=zI I of wiii with a cargo of gcnc~al mrchar. di.s haJ bcee anvicnoIy awzit~d, rcach d Sydney fron Landon to-cay after a long vnyago of 13. days. £hne barque nas an h-r beam ends in the Bay of Biscay, and ha: cargo hadto bc ratriammod.  The Barque Marian Wood side. AN EVENTFUL \O.YAGE FROM LONDON TO AUSTRALIA. TERRIFIC WEATI15R EJi;,RI ENCED. 25 J)AfTS IN TJiE BAY OF 1IISCAY. By Telegraph fro~ Our Correspondent. Sydney, Ray 31. With a slight list to port, the barque harian Woodside started from London 138 days ago, and arrived at Sydney this morning. She carried a list all the way from the Bay of Iiscay. She experienced terriic wea ther, and was on her beran ends for a period of four days. Captain Johnson, master of the bargue, uhen seen this afternoon, said the passage from London was made pretty well under water. In the Bay of Biscay they were beset with gales and tremendous season, erht sails being carried away by the furious squalls. together with all the 'gear shortly afterwards. The ship \w\cnt over bca?s ends, and remained in that position for four days, the green sea swe?.iag over ler. The cabins were flooded, and the forecastle door was burst in. At the and of four days the gale mod erated, and the shlip was straiglhtened up, but did not rest steadily. Another gale was encomstered, and the ship plungedl ablout w'ildly. E\erythking snov able had peviously been washed off the deck, but the second gale brought up such seas that the tarpaulins auro torn off tlheir 'hatche.s, and the star board boat n-was carried over the side, and lost. The vessel was knocking about in the Ba's of Biscey for 25 days. When runmning to Ilaston Don?n, further had weather was ex perieneed, and ·the decks were con snantly flooded. A furious westerly gale was met whlen rounding Tas mania. The vensel pooped one blig sea, and the whole aft part of lthe ship was cleared out.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 27 DAYS. Lord Crewe, in a despatch to the Post- . master-General of the Commonwealth, points out that the new railway across the Andes provides a short route for the Aus tralian mails. The despatch estimates that, with the co-operation of rapid steamship services, me iingiisn mails would .reach Sydney by the South American route in twenty-seven days — fifteen days -to Buenos Aires, -two days' rail to Valparaiso, and ten days thence to Sydney. The present con tract times for the carriage 'of the mails, via Naples,- are: Thirty-one- days to SycV i ney, thirty to Melbourne, 'an3' twenty-nine to Adelaide. The Commonwealth Govern ment's mail contract with the Orient Com-i pany does not expire until- 1920. ' '  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN | TWENTY DAYS. WILL SOON BE FIVE ROUTES TO CHOOSE FROM. ' A MARINE ENGINEER'S OPINION* '''AS SURE AS TH13 SUN SHINES.' ('Sunday Times11 Social.) ??.,. . Thoro aro (our distinct routos opon for consideration in any schomo uvolvud for a quick service bctwoun Sydney and Lon don : — - ' Vln Suez. Vln Cnp'etown, \: Via Cunuda. 1 Vliv Panama. Tho laat-nanod route will not bo avall iblo probably until lt-15, but tho , railway crossing Mexico, 1200 miles wortlfof Pan»r ma, now being built by Sir Weolniah Poar ttoii, at a cost ot £10,000,000, will fio opon Doforo the canal. Tills railway la 190 mllod long, tbo terminal points being CoaUi coalcos on tho Atlantic 'and Sallna Crur on the Pacillc. With steamers travelling ui uvoryduy Atlantic and Pacific speed*, 'i\b (nv back as 1907 It was estimated that tlie Journey from London to Auckland, -r\x tills route, would occupy 22J days, and io Sydney 25i days. ' \', Over the Suez route tho distance fro.a Sydney to London is 12,055 miles, and via the Panama Canal It Is 12,410 tnllui from Sydney to Plymouth. » v Ronlly, wo have \ FIVE HOUTES TO CHOOSE FROM, and on thrco o( them we liavu 25 to 27 knot boats on the Atlantic passage. All tlial Is wanted -to bridge tin: Pacific '.a juilllciunt time to make the whole Jouf n cy in 20 days, is a servlco of 25-kuDt boa Is. ?? The average distance Is about 12,000 Hi II os by each routo, and as 25-knot boats 'art- referred to all through, this leaves uu with the advantage of tho difference between mllos and knots to tl-*good. As a mutter of fact, 33 knots equal 38 mllns, rind over a twenty-day trip tho dlfferenc: rould bo very considerable. , 'You will remember,' said a well-known, mnrlno engineer to a 'Sunday Times' ro ^presentatlve yesterday, 'that when it was til at suggested that 25-knot boats should be built to cross the Atlantic, tin) idea vVas laughed at. AM those interested anil moving In the matter weru regarded as a new species ot lunatic. To-dny, however, tho Ideals dt ?.those who wero regarded as demented have been attained, and tho pes simists lire nsucrllug that the limit (it aea speed has been obtained. As a nut ter of fact, there nro at least two great warships In, tho British Navy which can cover . 27 KNOTS AN HOUR on a long run, and tho man would Se brave Indeed who predletod that 30 knots was not within sight. 1 am conlldent that IT the money is forthcoming, you can cross tho Pacillc at such a speed that you ?will be ablo to reach London' after 20 days' travelling. Oil fuel would permit this to bo done. If you can make a ves sal pay and carry coal for a journey of six days, you can, by using oil, occupy Just' the same Bpace.as coal would, anil cover a twelvo-days' trip without ro plenlshiiig your .oil tanks. Mind you, 1 don't say that at present rates tho actual cash earnings of such a vessel would show a profit at the end of a voyage, but you would save at least ten days, and that is worth paying tor. \ It' simply means this, that a persou who wanted; to' loavp Australia on a four months' holiday 1.6 England, would only spend 40 days tra veiling there and back, Instead of noarly three months. Instead of having six weeks at the outside In England, he would havo nearly ten, and he - ?WOULD BE PREPARED TO PAY ' FOR IT. In your advocacy of this matter -you aro butting up against all sorts of Ideals and . opinions, and they aro as hard to niovo as granite. But tho thing will come very booh, as surely as tho sun Bhincs. Tho speed we want la here. If you will pay for it there are men who can design tho ships that will do tho work required.'  PROTRACTED VOYAGE, 145 DAYS FROM LONDON. Sydney, August 25. The appearance of the overdue ship Ver bena off port this morning was hailed with delight by the shipping fraternity, fears having been entertained for her safety, ow ing to her lengthy passage. The ship was 145 days making the passage from London, and Captain Lee deserines the voyage as be ing u tedious one. owing to the prevalence of contrary winds. The only notable inci dent of the yoyage was the death of a sailor, Charles Peterson, from heart disease, the body being buried at sea. 