 LONDON TO SYDNEY. TWENTY-SIX. DAYS' :ROUTE. ; >> \y;&lt; LONDON,^londay. ■ i The journey from .Isnglanu to; Aus .'Iralla'Is to'-be shortened .to three weeks :i£ the AllJ Ke'cl Knihvay-Jiill "Is passed iby^lhe Canadian -.Parliament*: - ,v\ |,. Two steamers, faster than the'So .n'oraa - and "Y entma. will * be built by 'Jiihe.4 and.wlll travel from San-'Frnn icisoo 'to . Sydney. . The t^tal- Journey '•from'ljonddn to Sydney "will thennnke !2G days  SWIFT OCEAN VOYAGES. SAN FRANOISCO ROUTE. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26 DAYS. OOEANIC COMPANY'S AMBITION. An important change in its present time schedule between Sydney and San Francisco -hds been announced by the Oceanic Steamship Co. It will take effect on June 6, the Sonoma being do spatched.on that date, instead of on May 30. After .Tune 20 the company's steam ers will depart every 20 days. The Oceanic Company lays claim to the fast est mail time between Sydney and Lon don, and hitherto has seldom failed to land mails in London within 29 days. This time has only been exceeded when the New York connection has happened to be a seven days' steamer. It was seen by the Oceanlic Coinpanpy that by aidvenced sailings from Sydncy by seven days onl the present schedule a very fast through service to Enigland would be made possible by connecting at New York with the express steamers of the Cunard, Ilamburg-Amerika, Whitel Star, and Norddeutscher-Lloyd lines. When arrangements with these lines were ,concluded, the Oceanic Company submit ted to the United State' Gosv-rnment its revis'ed time-table, the sanction of whichl has now emen obta;ýed; The" present ,"through' time is now 211 days. This meay be cut down considerabh- with the advent of the new i tr.aiir?i of Lte com pany, whlich will be capable of an ocmen speed of 20 knols, making the trip from Sydney to San Francieco, with stoppings, in about 16/e days.. The through trip to London should then be possible in about 26 days. Mr. V. A. Sproul, general manager of the company in Australia, ascertained that some few years nago the New Zea land Governlmenit proposell a scheme for an all-red mail route via Canada, which,.! at an enormous expense to be shared by i Great Britain, Canada, and New Zealand. would have landed mails in London in 25 days. Sir Joseph Ward held the view that the quickest route should carry the mails. The San Francisco route from Sydney holds that position. It would appear now that in the near future it must sprilig automatically into prominence with the advent of the through service, carrying passengers and mails at an average of 480 miles per day. Tie steamers of the Oceanic Company are subsldised for tile voyage from San Francisco to Sydney, but need not, even when capable of steaming 20 knots per hour, 'go to the expense of maintaining that speed between Sydney and San Francisco, as no subvention is made by the Federal Government in Australia. This is a questlon' which may interest the present Postmaster-General in its re lation to thie reductioin of time between Australia anid England, and as an auxil iary to the present subsidised routes.  SWIFT OCEAN VOYAGES. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26 DAYS. Sydney, Friday. An important change in its present time schedule between Sydney and San Francisco has been announced by the Oceanic Steamship Company. It will take effect an Gth June, the Sonoma being des~mtched on that date instead of en 30th May. After 6th June the camnany's steamers will de part every '26 days. The Oceanic company lays claim to the fastest mail time between Sydney and London. and hitherto has seldom failed to land mails in London within 29 days. This time has only been exce-ded when the New York connection has hapcyned to be a seven days' steamer. It was seen by the Oceanic company that by advan?ed sailings from Sydney by seven days on the present schedule a rerr fast through service to England would be made _issihle by connecting at -ew York with the express steam ers of the Cuird. Hamhurg-Amerika. White Star and Nord'lcutscher Llloyd lines. When arrangements with these lines were concluded. the Oceanic Com pany submitted to the 1United States Government its revised time table. the sanction of which has now been obh tained. The present "throungh" time is now 29 days. This may he cut down considerably with the :avent of the new steamers of the comlpany, which will be capeable of an ocean speed of 29 knots, making the trip from Sydney to San Francisco. with stoppings. in about 16. days. The through trip to London should ihen be possible in about SG days.  SYtfUEY REMair THRILUW6 EXPERIENCES. SEVERAL DAYS WfTHOUT FOOO. OITTTNO FEOM ITALY -TO LOHDOM. A ntlErTDLT OEKHAN. An interesting letter has been recelTod (ram Miss Mm Hands, - rt.id.Kt oi Dahrica HUL ?who iritk aer mother ast been on a trip to Europe. The letter, «Wci W dated Aacaet (. and arrived by the Entllsi mill ywteTdiy, re lates eome exerting experleoces the two had la eettlni Cresn Italy to l*odoa. 'We sad a bom enjoyable alay In Parl», Sarltierlaat. KJlu, and Venice,' write* Miss Hands; '%ut the engine I hue to think about. Our axperlencee were too territle. J; men tioaM. In osr laa* tetter arar wai 4eela»d *e-- twecn Aoatria ant Berrta, trot nrrar took It seriously; went on enjoying ounetns; oooMnt read the capon: *ll lullu; to really 414 sot know how serious It m. Well, our time wae mo lut Baturdar, and we hat to fo to Bruutl. to (pent » few (Ut.. Lett Milan l.M p.m. The train waa crowde4, aud we lonllnt get ? ?eat. Etui then we okint thlek ot the war till a (rntleman who coull apeak a little En» Ilih eurted to Ulk, and when he told me !-ow ?eriom thlnaa were, we tiarlT vent on our head.. Oor train waa the lut paulng throuta nalMndlbiKuU beboldvpatBaoel. Well; we could not apeak anjr lltmatM, acd all *.he monrr w« had wae £« eheoosa— oo good. We h-4 «11 our war paid throrfh the Polrttcbi.?. and Ihcr would cub onr cheques: tut .loce the war hftd been declare! no coll, rnlr piper monrr. and that Til an E'X-- «'« could qet no urtvl.r rhat to do. Tile traiu wai In a ilrriiiriil state -.-l 'irtloiwi t. \\\ tbc trhlo tinea «-T( cuaMrd o'leo lOldlcrf. I'd erf'r tblnt «. In rndiaej« fo' war. ? ?I went ill throuih the train to try and Ond out the ctEt thini to do. but rould not, «-- ? lien «f «rrlvrd at Lucerne, I0.» p.m.. I got out or the train and ran up and dox-n int, autlnn trrlnx to find aomeone to advtfte me. I ««? ? Cook 'a man, but could not let Deer htm; h« **a surrounded with people. You rouldn't realUe tbe eioiument. t putbed througb an-) told blm mother and I wer* triTelllnc -lon». ?o hr aald p-t off at onre.and atir at Lurernc to-nlfbf. and Iry and net on In the mornlnt The train -?? luat about to leaTe, and «e lual had ttme to get our luggage out; we then go1 a rnnvryanr' and drove out to Potr CnaieO. Fcrberg. nhout four mllei out of Lurrrne. When we arrived then the loUlero bed taken tb ?nd adclKd in to leare «nt tblnc In tbe morning. We ronldn't raah a cheque, but tber cave ui SO. in Swlaa noner. Well, we got -' Wt about 12 o'clock, but couldn't sleep, an' were up at E a.m. They took u. arrou to the pTmlon In tbejr launch, and we caugnt a ^raia but nnlT went on a couple of hours when wr ? ere held up at BaKl In another Hi. We had to tn bark to London eomehow, bo rouldn't tire m. All wr had w« £1 and 3»a Swlae moner. and - ould not get a rbeque cashed After n Ion* ll»f wr fouDit a guiM who roulc' ?peak » lltll* Rntllah. and asked him to heir us. lie said there were no more trains from mere, ana we wnuia nave to anve \o tne rron tier. All the town was excitement, soldier), orerrwhere. The guard found a drar and wf had to ait on our luggage. We arrlrcd tberr and had to pass the soldiers, and saw all the trees rut, blocking the way: trenches dug. and everything In readiness. We hid the luck (e get past: had to then walk miles. Arrived *.(' a rery urn all sutlon. couldn't get a train t' Brussels, and nobody rould speak English. Af little KntlUh. and edvlied us to buy tlrkj-tt la Msnnhelro. Our tickets were no good! so then we storied to pay our little bit of mono? nt». Thai 101k .ill our Sirlu mono? Aiyhnn-. w rx-iTl,t that train. -ni -:- went all Ihrougb ricrmnny— abiDlutely thr worst move »-e rnuld hiivr taken. But we couldn't get bock »nv other »»r. »o It was t cast o( do or die. We only went on a little way and were put out araln. On this atatlon the Germans were ripturlcg the English people. We tad « little German with us and he said not to talk and be would gel us on the train. A train came Along mod I found aoaeone who could speak English, and they aald get on; we wen pushed In like cattle; no eeal-. no vlndnwr open. It n-as dreadful. We nearly colUnRcri The train was full of German., and we wen afraid to speak. We went on till 7 o'clock like cattle, with rot a bit to eat or drink r really thought we would die. We nrrlred at again. tol fcarttehlus -™ arrived at Hannhrim. ' wi picked up anolber little German, jind h- .„! »l»ed us to take a ticket to Men, then le l.uiembouri:. He aald he would uk- u- -;oi out at ^fannbetm, and found an thf c:iy In dirkneas. We took the train to another station. The train was In darkness, sn.l wben we arrived at the sutlon we bonght Uu more tickets fer tteta. Test left us ft We got In tke train, and then went along to und out If we were doing the right thing. We met a couple more Germans, but could not make them understand, «o had to write down the words. They understood a little, and eaM Tor God's sake don't ga to lieu and Luxem bourg: tnvy ju-e nrbtlms.' Ifae German was try ing to tell me what to do, tut could noi under stand. He evto got a reap, and t7*ed Us best. Anyhow, we got off tha train, ui '? Implored them not to leave us, and U'r t^ rfo something lor u*. We hadn't f lloogu' tatimT to buy tickets to get back, ao they took us io the head BUtlonmaste.r. who couldn't speak Knc:i«b. All ihe lied Cross sunet were there with toui'keM of water and %aadaa;ea. They found a nurse wbo could apeak a little Ens il»b The soldiers opened our ault cases, pulled everything out, and searched us. Tb-? nurse told the rtatlonmaaler we had no mon'r. and he put us on a train for Holland. 1 v.,ii have no Idea what It waa like: all tb» ni:i;.,-n busy preparing; sweethearts, wlvrs. . lill Inn, all parting. It was a dreadful Mcht. We were starving. Two American* not on tke train and gave til two little bUs i,f bread and a drink of water, and they bought a imnana lor n franc, and we had half oa o. We looked terrible, anil had been going n:u'.' Saturday without a Bleep or food. They haJ friends on the train trying to get to London, an they found tbem. and asked them to stuk ? ?«'?? nrrivd .- Holliiii, and caught nUt lutely the last boot acrosi. t vas p*cked. »nd led ul midnight on Monday evening, cr 'If we had not vol back to Y..i-V u we w.#t-lj hnrc starved. We v.ero golnj to offer our Sflvea as nurses, us »c thousht It bett-.- than l,elnr taken prlronTs. We «.-re golnr frjm Sjlanlsy until Tui-sday, with notl'log :n ,M. ,„'„'„ |n Germany and she said she wo'iM ,rnd thrm 10 Australia. We ntver eip.-..ted in rc.n'h London, and thought wo noild l)e t:,k..n prisoners or die of sUrvatlan.'  LONDON-SYDNEY TRIP. MAY BE 26 DAYS ONLY. (From Cur Special Representativt.) LONDON, Monday Morning. The journey from England to Australia will bo shortened to three weeks If the All-Red Railway Bill is passed by the Canadian Par liament. Two steamers, faster than the Sonoma, and (the Ventura, will be built by June, and will' travel between San Francisco and Sydney. The total journey from London to Sydney will then take 26 days.  SWIFT 'OCEAN Y0YAGES. SAN FRANCISCO ROUTE. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26 DAYS. OCEANIC COMPANY'S AMBITION. SYDNEY, Friday. An important change in its present time schedule between Sydney and San Fran cisco was announced by the Oceanic Steam ship Co. to-day. It will take effect on Otli June, the Sonoma being despatched on that date instead of on 30th May. After 6th June the company's steamers will de part every 26 days. The Oceanic company lays claim to the fastet mail time between Sydney and London, and hitherto has seldom failed to land mails in London within 29 days. This time has only been exceeded when the New York connection has happened to be a seven days' steamer. It was seen by the Oceanic company that by advanced sailings from Sydney by seven days on the present schedule a very fast through service to England would be made possible by connecting at New York with tiie express steamers of the Ciuiard, Ham- burg-Amerika. White Star and Nord- deutscher Lloyd lines. When arrangements with these lines were concluded, the Oceanic company submitted to the United States Government its revised time table, the sanction of which has now been ob tained. The present "through" time is now 29 days. This may bo cut down consider ably with the advent of the new steamers jf tlie company, which will be- capable of an .ocean speed of 29 knots, making tlie trip from Sydney to San Francisco, with stoppings, in about 161 days. The through trip to London shouid tlien be possible in about 20 days. Mr. V. A. Sprout, general manager of the company in Australia, ascertained that some few years ago the New Zealand Government proposed a scheme for an nil- red mail route via Canada, which, at an enormous expense to be shared by Great Britain, Canada and New Zealand, would have landed maiis in London in 25 days. Sir Joseph Ward ncld the view that the quickest route should carry the mails. The can Francisco route from. Sydney holds that position. It would appear now that in the near future it must spring auto matically into prominence with the advent, of the through service, carrying passengers and mails at an overage of 480 miles per day. The steamers of the Oceanic company are subsidised for the voyage from San Francisco to Sydney, but need not, even when capable of steaming 20 knots per hour, go to the expense of maintaining that speed between Sydney and San Francisco, as no subvention is made by the Federal Government in Australia. This is a ques tion which may interest the present Postmaster-Genera in its relation to the reduction of time between Australia and England, and as an auxiliary to tlie pre sent subsidised routes.  The All-Red Route A J" v V" ' - " LONDON gJYDNEY IN 26 DAYS. LONDON. Mondav. ;/lhe journey from England to Aus- a tralia will be shortened to three weeks /if the "AIL Red'' Railway Bill is pass - odr.by , the '.Canadian Parliament. ; -//''Two1'/ steamers , faster than the /'Sonoma;- and Veneura' jill be 'built by. June, and ' will travel from San .-Franrisco, to ' Sydney., ;.The/ ' total- II jovrney - from/ London /to " Sydney' 'will ! Vthen . take1 -26 days. ; r-:// ! » r i/? "V J" \ 7 J -J 'U, 3>/Vv t €>::' nA '" 