 fast steamship service to america suggested MAILS TO london IN 25 DAYS ' SYDNEY. Saturday. Mr Niels Nielsen, the New South Wales Trade Commissioner in Ame rica, has recommended to Mr Hol- man, the- Premier, proposals for the Improvement of the steamship ser vice between Sydney and San Fran cisco.. He advocates .and accelera- iited subsidised service, which would reduce the journey between Sydney and London by four days. An offer has been made by one of the shipping companies to -build two 20-knot vessels, and tlie proposals have been sent on to the Common wealth Government for consideration. Mr Nielsen considers that the malls would reach London In 24 or 25 days, and that the journey from Sydney to the western ports of America would he reduced' by three or- four days.  PiAST NS'EAMSHIP SERVICE TO AMERICA SUGGESTED. MAILS TO LONDON IN 25 DAYS. Sydney, Saturday. Mr. Niels Nielsen, the New South Wales Trade Comllisloner in America, has recolnmmended to Mr. Holman, the Premier, proposals for the improve ment of the steamship service between Sydney and San Francisco. He advo cates and accelerated subsidised ser vice, which would reduce the journey between Sydney and London by four days. An offer has been made by one of the shipping companies to build two 20-knot vessels, and the proposals have been sent on to the Common wealth for consideration. MIr. Nielsen considers that the mails would reach London in 24 or 25 days, and that the journey from Sydney to the western ports of America would be reduced by three or four days.  Sydney to London in 24 Days. Tke London correspondent o'f the 'Man1- chester Guardian,' learns that the Govern ment of New South Wales has made pro posals to the State Department at Wash ington for improving the steamship service between Australia and America. Inciden tally this would shorten by a good deal the voyage between Australia and Great Britain. The proposals include a joint subsidy for an accelerated service be tween Sydney and san j-TaniCi8cu, wurcu wttuld shorten the journey across -ihe Pacifio by three or four days, and a rapid mail-train across the American continent) to link up with the Atlantic steamships to the United Kingdom. This would en able the Australian mails -to reach Lon don in abonjt twenty-four day*.  INTERSTATE NEWS. — ^ — . i TO LONDON IN 24 DAYsF ' FAST LINE OF STEAMER. SYDNEY. {4ntnrri.iv. 4 Mr Niels Nielsen, the New South Wales, Trade Commissioner in Ame rica, has recommended to Mr Holman, the Premier, proposals for the improve ment of the. steamship service' between Sy'dney and San Francisco. He- ad; yooates an accelerated subsidised ser vice, which would reduce tho journey ;between Sydney and London bv four davs. .An olfer has been made by one of the shipping companies to b'uild two 20-knot vessels, and the proposals hav'6 lieen sent on to the Commonwealth Gbvernment for. consideration. ; 'Mr Nielsen considers that the mails would reach London in 24 or 25 days, and that the .journey from Sydney to tlie western ports of America would be reduced by 'three or four days. 