 POPULAR AIRSHIP .TRAVEL. London toSydney in. Five Days. At a recent meeting in the' Central, Hall, Westminster, -,Mr. G.' -'Holt Thomas delivered a leoture on com mercial aeronautics,, he said that In liis opinion aeronautlos would revo lutionise tho- (world not only from a commercial point- of vlow, but from' a humanitarian; point, much moro than It had revolutionised warfare. He was not one, of those who thought that commercial aeronautics; v/ere going to beat out of existence railways and other forms of transport, but rather that flying would add as an adjunct to tho present modes of transport. Aviation having suffered In tho past from more discourage ment, tho people' of tljls country must see to it that in the future -it was fully encouraged.' From the busi ness. point bf view speed was every-' thing. A special aeroplane, In the sense of a special train, would enablo a business man to .leavo London in the morning, do his business in Paris, be homo again to dinner. It would take him to Bagdad in a day and a half, or to Now York in two days. Ceylon would becomo two and three- quarter days from London : Tokio 4 J days ; Sydney five, days ; Capo Town 3 days ; Vancouver three days, Mnny business men would smile at tho idea of using this mode of conveyance,' but tho only thing was to remind them that they also smiled in the early days of motor-ears, and yet half tlio business to-day would talto double tlio time to do if tlio motor-car was not In existence. As for the question of cost, it would be possible to run a pro fitable air service between London and Paris at £6 por passenger, Jd. per ounco for mnlls, and 2s. each for par cels of 3 lbs. Constantinople, or Mos cow, a journey of 24 hours, might in- volvo a cost of £25 per tloket.  POPULAR AIRSHIP TRAVEI* LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. At a recent Tuootlnp- In tho Contral Hall, WostTninator, Mr. O. Holt-Thomas dollv orod a lecUiro on coinniorclal aoronautlcs. Ho. Haiti that,' in his opinion aeronautics would rovolutlonlso tho world not onljf from a commercial point of vlow, 'but from n hu manitarian i/oint, much more than It hail revolutionised warfare. Ho warf riot ono of thoso who thought that commercial aero nautics woro going to beat out of oxlalonco riUlwuvn nnrt n(.hm- fnvm« nf Irniira'nnrt. hhl1. rat'hor that flying would act at) an adjunct to tho prosont modon of transport. Aviation luiivlng HUfforod in t'ho past from inoro dls conrdgomonl, tho liooplo1- of this country must aoo to It' that In the 'future It was fully 6iia8urngod. From tho business point oC vlaw npaiul wa» ovorythlnR. A Hpoclal hmo piano, In the House of n. upoolnl train, would bnahlo a'bURlness 'man to lonvo London in tho niprnlnjr, do hla JjuhIiiobs In Parlri, and bo homo nifHln to dlnnor. It wo\ild tnlco him to nnRtlud In a day nnd a half, or to Now York In two 'dayrf. Ceylon would booomo i.'!! ilays from Xjon'don; Toklo -lS tlriyris Byd hoy, flvb days; Capoto\\'ii, throe and a half illiy'oj 'Vancouver, th|'e6 dayi*.' ^lariy busl jiAWH' ?moil' wbulc]' Hiiilln at tliri' hliiii, at utiliiir i\\\i irioilo of qonyj-.Vanco, but tho only UiIiipt wn-J to ronlliul' thorn that thoy also mnllod in the early clayH of molor-oani, and yot lialf tiiu bu*iInoHn to-dai* wbulrt liiko (loublo Ltio tlnib to* do if the motor-oar wnu not In oxlttlfince. AM for tho duostlon. of cost, It would bo possible to run . n.,prolltablo ' air Horvlc'o botw'oon Loiuloti anil TftrlH at £R per piiRsonfror. Jd per ourico for intillH, and !!/ each for parools 'of !!Ib. Constantinople or Moscow, a JourHoy of 24 hours, rhlRht ln volvn a coat of'iati per tloliot.'  POPULAR AIRSHIP TRAVEtj LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FJVE DAYS. At a mooting in tlic Central Hall, Westminster, Mr G. Holt-Thomas de livered a lecture on commercial aero nautics. He said that in his opinion aeronautics would revolutionise the world nut only from o commercial point of view, but from a humani tarian point, much more than it had revolutionised warfare. He was not one of those who thought that com mercial aeronaut:*'1 ^'cre coing to boat out existence railways and other forms of transport., but rather that flying would act as' an adjunct to the proseut modes cf transport. Aviation having suffered in the past from more discouragement, the people of this counti*y must see to it that in the 1'ut uy it was fully encnTir.j'r.1.. From tlm business point, of view speed was evrt'vthing. A special aeroplane, iu the serine of a rneeial train, wo^'d en able a h:wi:ie«-«i 'man In lc:ive London Paris, and be home .'gain to dinner, j It would take him to Bagdad in a day. and a half, or to New York in two i days. Cevlon would become 2J daysi from London; Tokio, 4^ days; Sydney,! 5 days; Cape Town, 3.1 days: Vancou ver. 3 days.. Many business men would i smile at 'the idea of using this mode! of conveyance, but the only thing wasj to remiijd them that they also smiled : in the early days of motor cars, and ! yet half the business to-day would take double tho time to do it if tho motor car was hot in existence. As for the question of cost, it would he pos sible to run n profitable air service between London and Paris at -:?'» per passenger, id per ounce for mails, and 2s each for parcels of Constanti- nople or Moscow, a journey of 24 hour* might involve a --ost of £25 per ticket'. German methods in this war go to fJermnnv's own credit, hut there wis the quite modern ease iu Alciers. where 500 Arabs, refusing to surren der, were suffocated hy smoke by tho French General Pelissior. 'Chore had, however, been instances of atrocious cvnnofc eomm'tted Sv Algerian troop* oy the Frtfiicli.  POPULAR AIRSHIP TRAVEL LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. -At a recent meeting in tlio Central Hall, YVostminstcr, Mr. G. Holt-Thomas delivered a lecture 011 coinmereial aeronautics. Ho said that 111 his opinion aoronautics would. revolu tionise, the world not only. from a coinmereial point ot view, but from a humanitarian point, much more, than it had ..revolutionised war fare. Ho was not 0110 oj- those who thought that commoreial aeronautics were going to boat out ot existence railways and -other, forms of transport, but rather that, flying would act as an adjunct to the present modes of traus- liort. Aviation having suffered 111 the past from mcro discouragement, the people of this country must soo to it taat m the future it wns fully encouraged. From the- business point of view speed was everything. A spec ial aeroplane, 111 tho sense of a special train, would enable a. business, man. to leave London ill tho .morning, do his business 111 Paris, and bo home-again- -.to dinner.. It.. would, take linn to Baghdad in a day and 71.. half, or to Now York in two days. Oeylou would bceomo 2 days, from London; Tokio, 4>) days; Sydney five days; Cape Town 34 days; Vancouver, tlirco days. Many business men would smile at tho idea of using this mode , of -conveyance, but. tlio only, thing was to. remind them that tlioy- .also smiled in . the early days of motor cars, nnd "yet half the business' to-day would' take double tho time to do if the motor-car was not 111, oxistence. As for the question of cost, it would bo. possible-to run a profitable air service between London and Paris at £5 per pnssengcr, 4-d' per ounce for mails, and 2s oacli for parcels of . 31b. - Constantinople or Moscow, a journey of 24 hours, might in volve a cost;. of £25 per tickot." :  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. Possibilities of Airship Travel. At a recent meeting in London, Mr. G. Holt-Thomas delivered a lecture on commercial aeronautics. He said that in his opinion aeronautics would revolutionise the' world not only from ii commercial point' of view, but from ?.. humanitarian point, much more than it had revolutionised warfare. He was not one of thoss ' who thought that commercial aeronautics were going to beat out of existence railways and other lorms of transport, but rather than Eying would act as an adjunct to tlie present modes of transport .*r-3T;on lisv'cgf suffered in the past ' i...:.. ::ierc discouragement, the peo ple of iliit country must see to it that in the future it was fully encouraged. From Uic business poiut of view sp;cd rass everything. A spn- :d aero ?p'.nr.-, in the ssr.se of a spe^.ol irain, ?ftuuiti enabled business man to leave London in the morning, do his busi ness in Paris, and be' home again to dinner. It would take him1 to. Bagdad in a day and « haif, or to New York in two days. Ceylon would become 2i days from London; Tolcio 4i days; Sydney, five days; Capetown, 3! days; 'Vancouver, 3 ilays. Many business men would smik- at the idea ci usmj; this mode of conveyance but the on ly ihinrj was to remind then that they also smiled in the eariy davs of motor cars, and yet half the business ?to-day wonid take double the time to -lo it :f the motor-car was not in ex istence. As for the -question of cost, it xrould be possible to run a profitable -Jr service between London and Paris at £5 per passenger, id. per 02. 3 or mails, and 2/ each for parcels -of jibs. Constantinople or ifoscow, 3 journey of 24 hours, might involve a tost of £2$ per ticket Private. Benjamin Cross, formerly of Lmville, who was reported missinj? last November, has cow been reported killed m action.  SYDNEY FIVE DAYS FROM LONDON. Mr. G. Holt Thomas recently read a unique. and interesting paper before the Aeronautical Society of- Great Bri tain. which created a stir, owing to its unconventional character. He attempt ed to picture what the aeroplane will do for the world after the war, when all the data and knowledge gained at tlie front is diverted into channels for the developing of the commercial aero plane. He considers conveyance by air a commercial proposition. Space will not permit of giving the- whole of Ml. Holt's interesting paper, but he is most insistant upon the safety of flying. He expressed a wish, in tho course of his paper, that he were at liberty to give the answors to the two following questions: — How many ma chines cross the Channel daily? How many machines fall into it He asks for acceptance of the point or .view that flying is loss dangerous' than many means of communication by land and sea. He points out that- a' wind of 39 miles an hour or more is recorded only 13 days in the year in the: south-east of England, and for only 24 hours on those days. At Holy- ' head, which is one of the worst in stances. tlio record is 24 days. Such a wind has practically no effect on a modem aeroplane. One. of Mr Thomas' proposed solutions for landing in fogs is to send up a small kite-balloon, car rying- "no passengers, to a height of, say, 1500ft., i.e., above the fog, in or der to indicate the location of a land ing ground. He examines the cost of renting lauding grounds at consider able length, for all parts of tho world, and in the latter portion of his paper points out that by tho aerial trans port, Ceylon becomes 2| days from London. Tokio 4i daySj Sydney 5 days, Oapo Town 3i days, Now York 2 days, Vancouver 3 days, etc. He forecasts a series of landing grounds from London to Tokio at 10- mile intervals, presumably reckoning iho sea as a good one all the time! Ho considers that aeroplanes have de veloped along entirely wrong lines so far, from a commercial point of view, for tho following reasons:— 1. Excessive climb demanded in a fighting machine, and power thrown away to obtain this. '2. Excessivo attention devoted to visibility, gun positions, etc. 3. Excessive strength for fighting manoeuvres, etc. In conclusion, he proceeds in regard to development of commercial designs, as under: — "The present unpleasant features of- an aeroplane, i.e., noise, oscillation,, cold, cramped positions are all due to war design, and can all be eliminated in a passenger-carrying aeroplane without reducing speed very much',, but only by sacrificing climb, visibility, guns, etc. In criticising the cost of running an aeroplane ser vice and comparing it with train ser vice or ships, one ought to consider how very unpractical and useless the first trains or ships were, and how ex ceedingly unpleasant travelling in them must have been. Passengers in the first train, I believe, were just as cramped as they are to-day in an aei-o- plane. The oscillation was greater, they were covered with smoke and cinders, and the speed was limited to the rate at which a man could walk in front with a bell. The early ships were equally unstable, and it was a very doubtful point- when a ship set out if it would arrive at its destina tion, if ever. Jf one reads any of the accounts of the early voyages one is struck by tho fact that very frequent ly they set out from a place and re turned six months later, haying met adverse weather, and it- was the cus tom to say Masses for anybody who thought of doing anything so hazard ous as going a sea voyage."  XONDON TO SYDNEY IH FIVE i DAYS. Possibilities of Airship* Travel. At a recent meeting in "London, iii. G. Holt-Thomas delivered-a lecture on commercial aeronautics. He said I ? humanitarian point, nmeajnoee than it had revolutionised warfare. Tie was not one of- those who thought that commercial aeronautics were going to beat out of existence .railways and other forms of transport, but rather than flying would act as an.adjunct to the present modes ."of" transport. Aviation Iraving suffered in the past from mere discouragement, the- peo- ple of th.s country must see to it that m the future it was fully, encouraged. From _^the business point of. view speed was everything. A special aero- plane, in the sense of a special train, would enable a business man to leave London in the morning, do his busi- ness in Paris, ind be home again to dinner. It would*_take him to Bagdad i m. a day and a half, or to New York in two days. Ceylon would become zî, days from'London;,Tokio 4i days; Sydney, five days; Capetown, si days; Vancouver, -3 i'.ays. Many businrss men »rm'á smîL-.at the idea 01 usi.ig this mode cf conveyance but tiie on- ly thing was to remind them that they, also smiled in the early days of motor cars, and yet half the business to-day would take" double the" time to do it if the motor-car. was not in ex- istence. As for the question of cost, it would be possible to run a profitable air service between -London and Paris at £5 per passenger, id- per oz. for mails, and 2/ each for parcels of 3lbs. Constantinople or Moscow^ a ionrncy of 24 honra, might" involve a coat of i^per'ticket^ - - " -  POPULAR AIRSHIP TRAVEL. London to Sydney in Five Days. At a recent meeting in the Central Hall, Westminster, Mr. G. Holt Thomas delivered a lecture on com mercial aeronautics, he said that in his opinion aeronautics would revo- lutionise the world not only from a commercial point of view, hut from a humanitarian point, much more than it had revolutionised warfare. He was not one of those who thought that commercial aeronautics vera going to beat out of existence railways and other forms of transport, but rather that flying would add as an adjunct to the presont modes of transport. Aviation having suffered In the past from mero discourage ment, tho people of this country must see to it that In the future it was fully encouraged. From the busi ness point of view speed was every thing. A special aeroplane, in the sense of a special train, would enable a business man to leave London in the morning, do his business In Paris, be home again to dmner. It would take him to Bagdad In a day and a half, or to New York in two days. Ceylon would become two and three- quarter days from London ; Tokio 46 days ; Sydney five days ; Cape Town 36 days ; Vancouver three days. Many business men would smile at tho Idea of. using this mode of conveyance, but the only thing was. to remind them that they also smiled In the early days of motor-cars, and yet half the business to-day would take double the time to do if the motor-car was not in existence. . As for the question of cost, it. would be possible to run a pro fitable air service between London and Paris at £5 per passenger, 6d. per ounce for mails, and 2s. each for par cels of 3 lbs. Constantinople, or Mos cow, a journey of 24 hours, might in volve a cost of £25 per ticket.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS WHAT MAY BE ACCOMPLISH ED BY AEROPLANE rip ' ." ' * m A COMMERCIAL PROPOSITION (From the Dnnlop Rubber Co. of Australasia, Ltd.) A unique and interesting paper, recently read before the Aeronautical Society of Great Bi itain by Mr. G. Holfc Thomas, created quite a sfcir owing to its unconventional character. Mr. Thomas endeavonrs to picture What the aeroplane is going to do for the world after the war, when all the knowledge and data gained at the fiont is diverted into channels for the furthering of the commercial aeroplane. Mr. Thomas considers conveyance by air a commercial pro position for three principal reasons. 'It is faster than any other means of transport, it is safe, ana it is not too costly. Great emphasis was thrown 'on the fact that Paris was brought within 3 hours of London instead of .7, Rome within 12£ instead of 42, and either PetrogB&d or Constantin ople within a days journey. The run ning costs for such trips are stated to be-presumably inclusive only of petrol, oil, aud grease-carrying 1800 lbs. (including pilot aud fuel), 6£d per mile, carrying lOOOlbs. 5d per mile, carrying 4501bs. 2^d per mile. The cost of utility machines for this class of work, with a speed of 80 rn.p.h., is set down at £2500. Mi Thomas worked nut au income of a passenger service between Paris aud London and in the reverse direction for 80 m.p.h. and 2000 lbs. load (12 passengers.) He contends that a profit can be made on a charge of £5 per passenger per journey, but shows that an average of more than nine passengers per trip is n§cessary, on that basis, for financial success. He similarly calculates £t0 per passen ger between London and Marseilles, and £25 per passenger between Lon don and Constantinople. For such a service he places the. cost at 3d per mile, compared with a higher cost per mile for the larger and speedier type of machine. He is most insist ent upon the safety of flying. He expressed a, wish that he were at liberty to give the answers to the two ' following questions :-How many machines, cross the Channel daily ? How many machines fall into it ? He asks for acceptance of the point of view that flying is less dangerous than many means o.' com munication by land or sea. He points out that a wind of 39 miles an hour ?is recorded only 13'days in the year in the south-east of England and for only 42 hours . on those days. At Holyhead, which is one of the worst instances, the record is 24 days. Such a wind has practically no ef fect on a modern aeroplane. Oue of Mr Thomas' proposed solutioi s for landing in fogs is to send up a small kite-balloon, carrying no passengeis, to a height of, say 1500 feet, i.e., above the fog, in order to indicate the location of a landing ground. He examines'the cost of renting landing grounds at considerable leugth, aud ... pointed out that by aeiial transport^ Cevlon becomes 2f days from Loiw don, Tokio 4£ days, Sydney 5 days, Capetown 3^ days, New York 2 days, Vancouver 3 days. He forecasts a > series of landing grounds from Lon don to Tokio at 10 mile mtervals.He considers that aeroplanes have deve loped along entirely wrong lines so far from a commercial point of view, for the following reasons 1, Excessive climb demanded in a fighting machine and power thrown away to obtain this. ^ 2 Excessive attention devoted to 'disability, gun positions, etc. 3. Excessive strength for fighting .manoeuvres, etc. In conclusion, he proceeds, m re card to development' of commercial designs, as under-.-"The present nnpleasai-t features of an aeroplane i.e., noibe, oscillation, cold, craTPed positions, are all due to war des*n and can all be eliminated m a pas senger-carrying aeroplane without reducing spee^ very mack, bat only by sacrificing climb, visibility, guns, etc. In criticising the cost of rail Ding an aeroplane service and com paring it with train service or ships, oue ought to consider how very un practical and useless the first trains or ships ^ere, and how exceedingly unpleasant travelling in them mnst have been. P'isseugers in the first traiu, I believe, were just as cramp> ed aa they are to-day in an aero plane The oscillation was greater, they were covered with smoke and cinders, and the speed was limited to the rate at which a man could walk in front with a bell. The early ships were equally unstable, and it was a very doabtful point when a ship set out if it would arrive at its destina tion, If one reads any of the ac counts of the early voyages one is struck by the, fact that very fre quently they set out from a place and returned six months later, having met adverse weather, and it was the custom to say Masses for anybody who thought of doing anything haz ardous as going on a sea voyage." ,  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. WHAT MAY BE ACCOMPLISHED BY aeroplane. . A COMMERCIAL. PROPOSITION. (From tlie Dunlop Rubber Co. of Aus tralasia, Ltd.) A unique and interesting paper,, n cently read beforo the Aeronautical Society of Great Britain by Mr- G Holt Thomas, created quite a stii^ ow inir to its unconventional character. Mr Thomas endeavours to Picture what the aefoplane is going to do for the world after the war, when all the knowledge and data gained. a front is diverted Into channels the furthering of the commercial aero plane. Mr. Thomas considers con^ anceby air a commercial PropoB.Uon for three principal reasons. It is faster San any other means »r transport it is safe, and it is not too coatiy Ci e^ emphasis was thrown upon U e fact tliat Paris "was brought within 3 n_ u Of London instead of 7, Rome within 19V instead of 42, and either Petro grad or Constaninople within, a day s journey. The running costs Cor such trips are stated to he-presumably in clusive only of petrol, oil, and greaiae carrying 18001bs. (including pilot and fuel), G%d per mile, eamtag lOOQ bS; nd nor mile, carrying 4501bs. zrsd per mile. The cost of utility machines or this class of work, with a speed of SO m.p.h., is set down at S-oOO. * ? . Thomas worked out an income o passenger service between Parisi an London and in the reverse direction for 80 m.p.h. and 20001bs. load ( passengers.) He contends that a profit can be made on a cliargo of P passenger per journey, but shows that an average of more than nine pas sengers per trip is necessary, on that basis for financial success. He simi larly calculates £10 per Pa^enger between London and Marseilles and £25 per passenger between Lond°n and Constantinople. For such a se> - vice he places the cost at 3d per mile, compared with a higher cost per mile for the larger and speedier type ot machine. He is most insistent upon the safety of flying. He expressed a wish, in the course of his paper, that he were at liberty to give the answers to the two following 5uestions:-How many machines cross the Channel daily? How many machines fall into t. He asks for acceptance of the point of view (that flying is less danfer°" than many means of communicat on by land or sea. He points out that a wind of 391 miles an hour is recorded only 13 days in the year in the south east of England and for only 42 ^°u" on those days. At Holyhead which is one of the worst instances, the record is 24 days. Such a wind has practi cally no effect on a modern aeroplane. One of Mr. Thomas's proposed solu tions for landing in fogs is to send up a small kite-balloon, carrying no pas sengers, to a height of, say IdOO feet, i.e., above tlie fog, in order to indicate the location of a landing ground. He examines the cost of renting landing grounds at considerable length, for all parts of the world, and in the latter portion of his paper points out that by serial transport Ceylon 'becomes &lt;!% days from London. Tokio iVs days, ?.Urjy 5 days, Capetown 3% day-j, New York 2 days, Vancouver 3 days etc. He forecasts a series of landing grounds from London to Tokio at 10 mlile intervals, presumably reckoning the sea as a good one all the time. He considers that aeroplanes have deve loped along .entirely wrong lines so far from1 a commercial point of view, for the following reasons: 1. Excessive climb demanded in a fighting machine and power thrown away to obtain this. 2. Excessive attention devoted to visibility, gun positions, etc. 3. Excessive strength for fighting manoeuvres, etc. In conclusion, he proceeds, in re gard to development of commercial designs, as under:-"The present un pleasant features of an aeroplane, l.o., noise, oscillation, cold, cramped posi tions, are all due to war design, and can an ue enminmuu. m u iiaaacubci - carrying aeroplane without reducing speed very much, but only by sacrific ing climb, visibility, guns, etc. In criticising the cost of running an aeroplane service and comparing it with train service or ships, one ought [ to consider liow very unpractical and useless the first trains or ships were, and how exceedingly unpleasant tra velling in them must have been. Pas sengers in the frjst train, I believe, were just as cramped as they are to day in an aeroplane. The oscillation was greater, they were covered with smoke and cinders, and the speed was limited to the rate at which a man could walk in front with! a bell. The early ships were equally unstable, and it was a very doubtful point when a ship set out if it would arrive at its destination, if" ever. If one reads any of the accounts of the early voyages [ one is struck by the fact that very fre. I quently they set out from a place and returned six months later, having- met adverse weather, and it] was the cus tom to say Masses for anybody who thought of doing anything so hazard ous as going on a sea voyage." 