 LONDON TO SYDNEY COULD BE FLOWN IN FIVE DAYS IMMEDIATE POSSIBILITY (Published in "The Times") LONDON, Thursday Night. Discussing aerial post-war developments, the editor of "Aeroplano" states that postal I and passenger services aro immediately practicable, bringing London within five days of Sydney, two of Ottawa, one of New foundland, 90 hours of tho Capo and Hong kong, and 32 hours of Bagdad. The route to Sydney would include Paris, Marseilles, Rome, across the Adriatic, over the Balkans, Greece, Cyprus, Mesopotamia, Calcutta, and over the Malay Peninsula. Nothing would prevent' the voyage to-mor row if the Government cared to make the experiment. The flight to America from Ireland by way 'of Newfoundland is expected shortly to bo made. tinder this time-tnblq express aeroplanes would have to be used, as to cover 12,000 miles in five days would moan 100 miles an hour.  London to Sydney in Five Days; The Loudon correspondent of; the! "Sun" has had an; interview .with-ifr; HaudleyJPage regarding - . tho possibil- i ty of aerial developments.' In j the . jo u roe of -the interview Miv Page said: ' ' There can be no question that tlie salvage of time- would be .of : enormous Importance to the. -.business . of tlie world. On any map distances arc measured in miles, but - -t lie effect of distance on the ;.average huniaii bciiig is me of time and not of mileage. "A comparison of tlie time taken for any journey by train with that taken by the aeroplane at . once sliows: the., jreat difference which will be made; to ;he time map of the world by the a&lt;l- Lent of commercial aviation. - Coustan-. tinople was reached in 30. liours' aetual lvi-ug, less than half the 'time taken by he quickest pre-war route. _ "You will see the commercial, pos- jibilities of every part of the globe: be-r loming available iu- a few; h6urs, at a )ost wlik-h i3 only equal to first-class railway, fare. W "I have no . doubt it will ta,kc a ittle -time for the ordinary human b&r: ug -to become accustomed; to travePhy leroplane, and therefore the immediate; - levelopmeiit. of aviation . will ; rather! ake place in the region of : goods, carrying and postage work. "Australia will probably bii reaeiied; n four or five days, so that at once! :he effect of the aeroplane - lias beeip to .hraW together the wliole of -tlie cqun-:; ; tries of the globe, just as though one nighty hand had taken tlie .world invits ! jrasp and compassed it to a fraction of : '.ts original size. "There is still the question of .the :j'pe of _ aeroplane most suitable for commercial work. At the present time; che aeroplane is suffering from the taefc that everybody believes rit comes down when you don't- wanf\it to, and :hat until lack of reliability is swept A way it will never be useful in the world's service. This is an absolutely wrong -idea; Perfect reliability in any form of trans port or transit can never be assured. You may even fall when walking- and break your leg. "Nowadays aeroplanes puffer very jit-tle from engine break-down. The employment of .many engines - in one leroplane, instead of one, leads to still greater reliability i.u that there is a less chance of all the engines breaking down at ouee. Just as the motor car, in an analo gous case, -lias been evolved, and has left behind the old high box seat of the family- eoa-eh, which was tacked o.n o motor cars in the early days, just ?o the aeroplane will leave behind the transient and mundane sort of appeu- Jages and evolve into the perfect fly ing machine. "The inevitable result of that will be that the transport and transit be tween. countries will . become much easier; people will know each other bet ter; there will bo a better dissemina tion of information, and in consequence the possibilities of a world-war-become more, aud more remote." .Tho fust public shipping cnWe since the war, indicutiitg thc. : i'- rival and dspartuic of cA'ersea- rVcsseis, was received hr Sjda&y this woek front EngbLnd.. Two regiments of fie Second Australian Light ; Horse. Biiga.de have Li-en sent to the Daidan- c.ilcs to garrison the sur;C!td 'i;eil Turkish forls. Alt. M«tssy G revue, in reply So ;i question in the Ho-ji-e, s;iid- thai Hi-: 'price fixing- administrafiiOu ;|;nd activities controlled Ly the L ranch had cost £30,496, hut profits anv onnting to £250,000 from the ac tivities had gone iatoi: consoli; dated' r= venae. "Z W. G; Day, a, professional valuator, giving evidence before the House' Bents Commission, stated, the Easterh Suburbs contained 25, 000 'houses and- carried a population of between 150,000. and 200,000 people.  General Items, LONDON TO SYDNEY: IN FIVE DAYS. -LONDON. Wednesday. Discussing aerial post-war develop ments, tho editor of the 'Aeroplane' states that postal -and passenger ser vices aro immediately* practicable, bringing London within five days of Sidney, while' the trip to Ottawa would take one day,' to Newfound land 10O hours, . to Capetown and nong-ICong,:;2 hou;s. The Bagdad route to .-lyaney would include Paris, Marseilles, and Koine across the Ad riatic, over the Balkans, to Greece. Cyprus, Mesopotamia, nnd Calcutta, and over the Malay Peninsula. Thero is nothing to prevent the voyage be ing mttde^ to-morrow M the Govern ment 'cared to make the experiment. A flight' to America- from Ireland, via. Newfoundland, is 'expected shortly.— Times. ,  m\hL POST POSSIBLE SflW-»5 UU 8YDNLY TG LOKDQH, (Published in tlie London ''limes.-') Discussing aerial po«t-\va.r develop ments, the *niitor ui "The Aeroplane' Ktuiiv that- a postal pa.-.ieiifeler service is i!jiii'.c'J:ai"ly praet irable, forni^m^ London within li\o clays of Sydney, iwo days of Otatwa, one of .Newfoundland, 90 hours of the Cape and Hong K &lt;.»!&, and 32 of Daydaa. 'J'he route to Syd ney includes 1'ans, .Marseilles, Home, across the Adriatic, over the .Balkans. Greece.. Cyprus, .Mesopotamia, (.aleut ta, and the Malay Peniii.sula. There is iior.lnnp; te prevent, a voyage. Lo-tnor row jt' the (loM-niniei)L cares to under take the enterprise. A flight to Ameri ca from Ireland via .Newfoundland is expected shortly.  LONDON TO SYDNEY COULD BE FLOWN IN FIVE DAYS. IMMEDIATE POSSIBILITY. Discussing aerial post-war develop ments, the editor of Aeroplane' states that postal and passenger services are immediately practicable, bringing Lon don, within' five days of Sydney, two of Ottawa, one of Newfoundland, 90 hour* of tho Capo and Hongkong, and '?&'! liours of JSagdad. The route to Sydney would include Paris, Marseilles, Rome, across the Adriatic, over the Balkans, Greece, Cyprus, Mesopotamia, Calcutta, and over tho Malay Peninsula. Nothing would prevent the voyage to-morrow if the Government cared to make the experiment. The fight to America from Ireland by way of Newfoundland is expected shortly to be made.  AERIAL DEVELOPMENT LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. THE ROUTE OUTLINED. (The "Times.") Discussing aerial post-war development the editor of the Aeroplane" states that t paLssenger ervice is mme?ilatnel pram ticoble bringing London within five dayse of Sydney, two days of Ottawa, one of Newtoundland. 90 hoers of tho Cape and Hong hong. 32 of Bagdad. The route to Sydney includes Paris. Marseilles. IRome, acroer the .driatic, over the Ualt?ns, nacroes, Cyprus.,, teopo toamia. Ca?cutta. and the Malay I'eninsu ia. 'There is nothing, hetates, to pre srnt a voyagn to-morrow if the Govern ment care to underthake tho experiment.  A FLYING EV3AIL ♦ ? ^ BETWEEN LONDON AND ADSTBALIA A SIX DAYS' JOURNEY. SYDNEY MEN ENTHUSIASTIC. SYDNEY, Thursday. Mr.' Reginald Lloyd, -who is inte rested in aerial mail services, private ly addressed a number of ' prominent influential business men- and financiers .on' the proposal to establish a service between Australia and London. Mr. Lloyd said the mgeting had been call ed to do sor,'-1 'Xng v-uncrete in the matter, and tn^ecide definitely whe ther Australia was to be brought with in 150 flying hours of London. If the meeting, said , that was to ( be done, aerial science having rendered it pos sible, he was there to put it into im mediate effect. . The money necessary' to make the project financially possible was sub scribed there and then in the room.  AIR POST SERVICES. LONDON TO SYDNKY. IN VIVK DAYS. (Ttio 'TlnieH' CnblR) . 110NOON, Wednemiay. . DlHOUHHlns aortal jioht-wttv,. developments, tho editor of tho 'Aeroplane' states that postal, passenger services a.ro iminodintnly practiwil. They would bring T./onclon within five days of Sydney, two of Ottawa, one of Newfoundland. ? 5)0 hours of tho Capo and Hongkong, and 311 oC Haghdad. Tho route to Sydney would include Purls, MarKt'llles, and Homo, across tho Adiiatlu over tho Balkans, f.lroece, Cyprus, , Meso potamia, Oaloutta, and-' ovor the Malay 1'onirisula. Nothing could ;provont tho voyago tomor row If the Cloyornmont enrud to oxporlment. A. flight, to America. from Ireland via Now foundland I« expoctod Hhortly.  THE MATDNGA'S CREW JOTO IN" LONDON" IN TEN" DAYS. (By Telegraph.) Sydney, Wednesday. Messrs Burns, Philp. and Co., hav&lt;t jeceived a cable from their London office stating that Captain Dona'.itson and the remainder of the Matunjja's ?rew have arrived at Copenhagen, and are expected in London in 10 days' time.  AERIAL MAILS Sydney to London in Twelve Days Some time ago the Postmaster-General pooh-poohed the idea that after the war aeroplanes would be used for the con veyance of mails in some cases. But the use of aeroplanes as mail earners is likely to become extensive when the war is over. There will be for some years a great shortage of fast mail steamers, and the demand lor speedy commercial communications dur ing the years of reconstruction will be insistent. An aeroplane, service between this and London would bring English communications to Australia in six or seven days at the most, and that would mean enormously much to a few millions of people in this Commonwealth. How is this, then, to be brought about. By tHo Post Office ? It is not at all jikely. But the Post Office will prob ably arrange carrying contracts with any company that establishes aerial routes of communication. Mr. Reginald Lloyd is in Australia now on just this business. He served during the early part of the war with me n.i^.i^.i-/. in Lonaon, ana ne saw a Bood many air raids. Mr. Lloyd's route as suggested covers 10,210 miles of flight distance, Sydney to London, and it fol lows a line that makes the necessary landing- stations possible. The only great expanse is in the stage Cape York to Rangoon, and there are practical landing-stations right over. Nature has been pretty good to the scheme. Thus, while Sumatra, with its precipitous mountains, its huge jungle tracts, and i's great areas of swamp land, is unsuitable, Borneo docs very well, and in Borneo there are great oil sources. There are no insuperable difficulties as to route, and the real difficulties arc astonishingly few. The whole distance can be covered at the outset comfortably in twelve days, allowing for no night flying at all. When night flying is made generally practicable, you can halve it; but that 'cannot be' for a considerable time yet. What sort of air craft would be used ? Probably big planes carrying two men, having a considerable weight and stow age capacity, and fitted with a separate second engine for use in case of trouble. Such a machine, according to Mr. Lloyd, 'must reduce the remaining risks to a minimum, nnd such a machine is procur able even now.' Mr. Lloyd says that a company with an initial capital of £500,000 would be ade quate for all purposes. He urges that enormously much of the preparatory work could be done, or set in hand, at once. He han it in view to go over the route to Cape York with a surveyor and a mechanic or two directly he can find the time. ____________ John Craig, aged 88, has been arrested at Fremantle for attempting an indecent assault on a girl under 13 years.— Perth correspondent  FUTURE OF FLYING. LONDON TO SYDNEY lt-J FIVE DAY8. At- ij recent meeting of the Society for tbe Propagation of tho Gospel (says 'Die Da'ly Telegraph,' London) a let ter .viis read from on© who offered to contribute a substantial sum in order to supply ono of tho bishops with an aero plane te enable him to visit the outlying puns ol Ills uioeoso overcens. ouaougu it lias not proved possible to accent the offer, there is little doubt (says the sol ciety) that in a. few year.-t' time similar effeis will ho gratefully accepted, and it nit Bomo of the bishops who are in charge of -large and widely-scattered dio ceses wili thus lie enabled to multiply their activities. In the Juno issue of 'Overseas,' Mr 0, G. Grey, editor of 'Tho Aeroplane,' dcNcrtbcB how aircraft will revolution ise travel overseas, giving the following table of flights from London: — U ays Days Sydney 5 Cape. Town ? Si IIi.pg'Kong 3J Newfoundland I Calcutta ! 2J Ottawa 1 2 Colombo t 21 Cairo , , 1 Auckland (N.Z.) 0 Winnipeg Bngdad ' ? lj Vancouver 3  AIR POST SERVICES. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. (The 'Times' Cable) . LONDON, Wednesday. Discussing aerial post-war developments, 'the1' editor of the 'Aeroplane' states ' that postal passenger services are .immediately practical. They would bring London within five days of Sydney, two of Ottawa,, one of Newfoundland, 90. hours'. of 'the Cape and Hongkong1, and 32 of Baghdad. The route to Sydney would include Paris, Marseilles, and Rome, across the Adriatio over the Balkans, Greece, Cyprus, Meso potamia, Calcutta, and over the Malay Peninsula. Nothing could prevent the voyage tomor row if the Government cared to experiment. A flight to America from Ireland via New foundland is expected shortly.  AhKiAL MAILS SYDNEY TO LONUON IN TWELVE DAYS. Some time ago the Postmastcr Gcneral- poo-pooned the idea that atter the war- aeroplanes would bo used lor. the conveyance of mails in some .cases. ,',. '.' .: — .but the- use of aeroplanes as mail can 'iers'i is iilifceiy.Tiio ? become' ? exten- , siye \vlieni,the.;war.;;-is .i over.' 'There will, be for some:. years sa great ' 'short? . age : of- fast mail steamers, -and the aemancL for.; speedy.' ?, cominerqial . coin muhication t during,.the years of cou-; struclion :r will be insistent. An aero-' plane service . between this country and London would bring .'English coiniHunkations to. Austraka. in six lor seven days at the most, and that would mean enormously much to' a. tew milions of people in this Com monwealth. ' ' How is this, then, to be brought about. By the post office? It iS:not at all likely. But the post office will :? probably arrange carrying contracts wiih any company that establishes aerial routes of communication. Mr. Reginald Lloyd is in Australia now on just this business. He served during, -tlie early part of the war with the H.Q.C.D. in London, and he saw a good many air raid. Mr. Lloyd's route as suggested covers 10,210 miles of .-.flight distance, Sydney to London, and it follows a line that makes the necessary landing stations possible. The oniy great expanse is in the stage Cape York to Rangoon, and there are practical' laiiding-piaces right over. Nature has been preay good to.the.SLjieme. 'lhus, while iju uiatrc, with its piixipitous mountains, its huge jtingie tracts, and its great areas of swamp land, is unsuitable, Borneo does very well, and in Borneo there are great oil sources. There are no insuperable climculiics as to route, and tnc real difficulties are as tonishingly lew. The, whole distance can be covered at the outset comfort ably in twelve days, allowing for no night flying at all. When night fly ing is made generally practicable, you can halve it; 'but that cannot be tor a considerable time yet. What sort of air craft would be used? Probably big 'planes ? carrying two men, having a considerable weight and stowage capacity, and fit ted with a separate second engine for use in case of trouble. Such a ma dune, according to Mr. Lloyd, 'muBt reduce the lemaining risks to a mini mum, 'and such a machine is procur able even now.' ; Mr. Lloyd £ays that a company with an initial capital of £500,000 would be adequate for all purposes. He urges that enormously much ot the pre paratory work could be done, or set in hand, at once. He has it in view to go pyer the route to Cape Vork wdth a suiveyor and a mechanic or two directly he can find the time.  AERO MAIL SERVICE. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN SIX DAYS. Si DNEY.— Prominent . business and financial men met on Wednesday to dis cuss the question of an aerial mail between Sydney and London. Mr. Reginald Lloyd, of London, said an aeroplane service wouli place London within l:'0 hours of Aus^ tralia, and that' only £0000 was needed for the preliminary work. The meeting formed a syndicate, and a good amount of money waa subscribed. It is intended to secure the remainder of the £6000 needed by the issue of £100 shares in other States.  iia (FSy® lays LONDON .TO SYDNEY BY AIR. POST-WAR DEVELOPMENT. (Pubiiaisd in tija 'VF-lmci') LONDON, Wednesday. u escribing post-war aerial develop talent, the editor of 'The Aeroplant' states that a transport, and passenger service will be immediately practic able, bringing London within five days of Sydney, two of Ottawa, onn nf Newfoundland, qq liotlrs of the Cape and Honk Kong, and 32 days of Bag dad. | ? The route to Sydney' would include Paris, Marseilles, Rome, across tno Adriatic, over the Balkans, crossing 1 Mesopotamia, Calcutta and the Malav Peninsula.- » Nothiifg would prevent the voyage to-morrow if tho Govern* mcnt cared io experiment.  Sydney to London in Six Days. Prominent business and financial men met in Sydney last week to discuss the question of an aerial mail between Sydney and London. Mr Reginald Lloyd, of London, said an aeroplane service would place^London within 150 hours of Australia, and that only .£6000 was heeded for the preliminary work. The meeting formed a syndicate, and a good amount of money was subscribed. It is intended to secure the remsinder of the ,£6000 needed by the issue of ,£100 shares in other States.  "ACROSS THE CENTRAL BLUE." r AERIAL PASSENGER SERVICE. LONDON ; FIVE DAYS FROM. SYDNEY. (Published in the £' Times. LONDON, ; "Wednesday.—Discussing aerial post-war development, the. editor of the '' Aeroplanestates-that: postal and pas senger'services will be immediately practi cable aifd will; bring London, within five days of Sydney, t>vo of Ottawa., one of New foundland, .90 hours of the Cape and Hong kong, and .°>2 of Bagdad. The route to Syd ney will include Paris, Marseilles, and Kome, across, thi?- Adriatic S§a, over the Balkans, Greece, Cyprus, Mesopotamia, Calcutto, and the Malay peninsula. There was nothing to prevent "a voyage to-morrow if the-Govern ment eared to -.experiment. A flight to America from Ireland via Newfoundland is expected shortly., ~  IjONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. Discussing aerial post-war d-- velopments, the odi'.or of 'Aero- plane' states that postal and pas senger services are immediately practicable, bringing London with in five days of Sydney, two of Ot towa, one of Newfoundland, 90 hours of the Cape, and Hong kong, and 32 hours of Bagdad. The route to Sydney would in clude Paris, Marseilles, -Ronio, across the Adriatic, over the Bul kans, Greece, Cyprus, Mesopota mia, Calcutta, and over the Ma lay Peninsula. Nothing would pre vent the voyage to-morrow if the Government cared to make the experiment. The flight to Amer ica from. Ireland by way of New foundland is expected shortly to 'be made.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. AERIAL SERVICE PROJECTED. (Published in tho 'Times.') LONDON, Thursday. Discussing aerial developments after the war, the editor of the. 'Aero- plane' stales that postal and passen ger services are immediately practic able which would bring London with in five days uf Sydney, two of Ottawa, one of Newfoundland, -jo hours of the Cape or Hong Kong, and 32 hours of Bagdad. The route Jo Sydney would include Paris, Marseilles. Koine, across the Adriatic, over the llalkans, through Greece, Cyprus, Mesopota mia, Calcutta, and over the Malay Peninsula. Nothing would prevent the voyage to-morrow, if the Gov ernment cared to experiment. A flight lo America from Ireland, via New foundland, is cxpccted shortly.  jrepiJEY TO L0ED02T BY AIR IN FIVE DAYS. (Published in 'The Times.') LONDON, Friday. Discussing the aerial dT^elopmcnts that ar-e ''likely to take place after the war, the editor of 'The Aeroplane' states that postal and passenger services are immedi ately practicable, bringing London with in five davs of Sydney, two of Ottawa, cne of Newfoundland, 00 hours of Cape town and Ho'ng Kong, and 32 hours of Bagdad. The route to Sydney would include Paris, Marseilles, and Rune, across tho Adriatic, over the Balk.ins, Greoce, Cyi^ rus, Mesopotamia, Calcutta a'nd over tl»P Malay Peninsula.- .The w-iter says there is nothinc to prevent the voyage tomor row if -the Government cared to act. An experimental flight to America from Ireland by way of Newfoundland is expec ted to be' made shortly.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 5 DAYS. The-editor of the 'Aeroplane,' dis cussing aerial post-war development, states that a passenger service is imme diately practicable, bringing London within five days of Sydney, the route in cluding Paris, Marseilles, Rome, across the Adriatic, over .the Balkans, across Cyprus, Mesopotamia, Calcutta and the Malay Peninsula. There is nothing, he states, to prevent a voyage to-morrow if the Govt. cares to undertake the experi meat. Sir John Madden left estate valued at /29.082. J. F. Hanuan (official labor candidate) has been returned for Albert Park. He secured 5995 votes, Mr Cuthbertson .(Na tionalist) gaining 4154 and Lieut. Pic kett (Independent) 1248 votes. At the Esseudon Poultry show this week winning birds were shown by Fisher and Perry (Ararat) in ' Rocks,' aud the local Diugley Dell poultry yards were represented by prize takers in buff Orpingtons. In last week's 'Leader' photos of Messrs Fisher & Perry's and Dingley Dell birds (winners at Brighton show) appear. Tho Minister for ItaR'nce, SenatoV 1'earce, stales that the . enlist ments in the A.l.F. to April 30th 1918, totalled 396,437, and the em: barkations numbered 316,533.. The difference- in the totals w-as account ed foe by certain men proving nioii cally unlit, and by discharges for other reasons. .For some time past added tiie Minister, there had been very low desertions-. An enemy niino field has been dis covered ten' miles oil' shore to the noa-th of the extreme point of 1hc North Island, close to the route of vessels travelling -bouvee* iSydaey aqd Auckland. The locality is at the apex 01' a triangle based on Cape Aiaria van Dicanen on the west and North. Cape on the east. Two mines have already been destroyed, and it is reported that another has been found... The. search is being con tinued. r At the weekly stock markets at ..Terang the announcement that^ the Federal G overniiient had decided to lix the i«-ke oil- meat was received with consternation by . farmer* and dairymen. Business on . the market uas practically at a standstill. This had Uhe effect of causing all cattle values to have a sudden drop, of from £ii to £4 'per head. liopiesenUtives of wheat hand.ing firms on Wednesday urged the JM mis- ter for Agricultuie to make an early announcement as to the intention 01 the Government re the handling of the next harvest. Mr Oman said the matter was .unaer consideration. When the agents were appointed to any station no restrictions as iu U10 quantity receivable would operate. The 408th casualty list was made available by the Defence Department on Wednesday. Amongst the names of soldiers killed in action are:— L.- &nbsp; &nbsp; Cpl. Gray (Lexton,) Pte. R. J. Fra- ser (Horsham), Ptes. G-. W. Baker and H. A. Slater (Beaulort). Wound- ed — Pte. R. A. Hall (Dimboola), L.- Cpl. H. Jewell (Warrnambool), Capt. A. Jacka, V.C., M.C. (Wedderburn), Pte. W. Kennedy (Penshurst), Pte. H. A. M'Lean (Warrnambool). &nbsp; I in connection with the recent tliecit of letters from the mail bags at Bal larat, whi-jh- - were found slit open, a sensational development occurrod on Tuesday. Dotectne Kogorson is sued out a summons against H. \V. McDuli, a porter at -the Western sta tion. »A cheque for £10, despatched bj a. resident of A.rai-at on th0 day the robbery Look place, went afatiay. At tho Melbourne Supreme -Court on Wednesday 'Edward John Waller was charged on three counts with ou foiiees against Dorothy May K-ie Hon, a g-irl under the age of 16. He plea ded not guilty. Mr Guxiier, in open ing the case, said the girl was just over 10 at the time of the alleged ohenoe, and was the niece of the ac cused. Waller denied the accusation, and the girl a-u'imittcd 'having acted improperly with one ' man at Wai racknabcal and two at Stawell West.. Accused was discharged. ~ Henry Koyal, a musician, who left Maitl^md to w-aJk lo Tenterfield in January, 191'7, and was supposed to .nave died on the -way, 'returned to Maitland .(N.S.W.) this- week. Hu man remains found in a paddock nine miles from Singleton __ in July, 1917, were identified as his, because of the clothing,' and fiom the fact that with a swag found near the body was an old) - violin in a case, an'd also because a man answering the description' of Royal was seen in a lane near this paddock about the end of January. At -an inquest tne remains we concluded to We those of Boyal, -ami a finding was record ed that there was no evidence to show the cause ol death. i At the M.U.I.O.F. half-yearly couference at Stawell on Wednesday Bro. T. Impey (Ararat) wa9 one of the officers nominated for the ensuing term. Mrs M'Leod will be at home at the Town ,Hall with her spinning 'wheel, and there will be spinning competitions for ladies and gentlemen to aid the £ nzac Buffet fund, on Wednesday afternoon next, Pte J. E. Cracknell, son of Mr J. Crack- nell, of Rundell-street, has bsen invalided home from the front, and is expected in Ararat next week. Pte A. Millman arriv- ed back the other day and was warmly wel- comed by a number of friends.  Air Post Services. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS Now Practicable. (Published in 'The Times.') LONDON, Wednesday. Discussing aerial post-war develop ments, the editor of tiie 'Aeroplane' slates that postal passenger services art immediately practicable. They would bring London within five days of Sydney, two of Ottawa, one of Newfoundland, 90 hours of the Capo and Hongkong, and 32 of Baghdad. . The route to Sydney would include Paris, Marseilles, and Rome, across the Adriatic ' over the Balkans, Greece, Cy prus, Mesopotamia, Calcutta, and ove.r the Malay Peninsula. Nothing could prevent the voyage to morrow, if the Government cared to ex periment. A flight to America from Ire land via Newfoundland is expected short ly.  AIRCRAFT PROGRESS. LONDON TO SYDNEY. IN FIVE DAYS. Discussing aerial post-war develop ments, tho editor of the "Aeroplane'' states that postal and passenger ser vices are Immediately practicable, bringing London within five days of Sydney, while the trip to Ottawa would take one day, to Newfoundland 90 hours, to Capetown and Hong-Kong 32 hours. The Baghdad route to Syd ney would include Paris, Marseilles, and Rome across the Adriatic, over tho Balkans, to Greece, Cyprus, Meso potamia, and Calcutta, and over tho Malay Peninsula. There ig nothing to prevent the voyage being made to-mor row, if the Government cared to mnko the experiment, A flight to America from Ireland, via Newfoundland, Is ex pected shortly. 