 HINKiLER'S ARRANGEMENTS. LONDON-SYDNEY. IN 11 DATS. AIRaiAN CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS BEISBANE, Tuesday.—Lieut. Bert Kinkier, the young JBnndaberg air-, man, who lias entered for the flight to Australia from England, writing to his parents under date March 22, bays that for some time be has been contemplating a- "flight- home from England. His first Idea was to utilise tile type of machine he had in Italy, to which he 'Would make certain adjustments enabling him to keep up a flight of 1000 miles or so at a stretch. The firm to' wJiicli* he had made the proposition, however, thought it t o for tb ° a * particular lass of m^^e, and as an alternaye suggested a machine which, was being remodelled for war use with an PO h.p. motor, .capable of doing 1U0 mile an hour. He wonld commence his flight about 3 or 1 a.m., and would fly by compass, and finish early In the afternoon, thus obviating any danger of becoming lost In the darkness In a strange country. By landing each  LONDON TO SYDNEY. FOUR DAYS' FLIGHT PREDICTED. LONDON, Tuesday. The managing director, of nn aircraft marfh- fncturlng company says .he Is absolutely , con fident thnt within a reasonable time 100 miles an hour as an average spued between Mel bourne nnd London will he a regular institu- tion. Tho Journey from London to Sydney will Inst four clnys.  FUTURE OF THE AEROPLANE. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN. FOUR DAYS. Mr. Murdoch has interviewed Messrs. Holt and Thomas, leading aeroplane, manufacturers, who stated that they wore confident. that with in a reasonable time mail services at tho rate of 100 miles per hour betweon London and iiueiuuuriio wouiu oeeome. a regular, thing. No where in tho world was. mote than four days fi-pm London; Sydney would be four days, Bagdad 14 days, and Capetown threo days. Such of the cable news on this page so head ed appeared In the "Times/? and Is cabled to Australia by special permission. It should bo understood that the opinions given are not' those of the "Timet" unless expressly stated to be so. 1 -  1 ? . LONDON TO SYDNEY IN M DAYS. (Router's QdccIoI Mcsoane.) LONDON, Thursday. Mojor-General Seoly, Dndor-Secre: tary,- has Informed. Mr. Hughes that tho 'Air MftjlBtry is progressing satis Iflclorlty In the matter of surveys. Tho' survoyjbf tho Australian .air routo mado .'It pqoBlblo' for' mail ftlps to oc cupy 12 .dilya botweeu ' London and Bydnoy. Mrl Hughes -han -requested Mr.; Handloy Pago, tho aerial con tractor, to submit figures for Uie mail service- It is believed that the cost will 60 enohn'ouD.' 'It ??Id understood that the Australian Government is submitting en- ' Important - aortal aohemo to tho Ministry.  I LONDON TO SYDNEY BY AIR, A FOUR DAYS' TRIP. LONDON, January 6.. Tho nullagine; director of tho Air» c-aft Manufacturing Co says that he is absolutelx confident that witrem a rpasonablo time ICO miles, an hour not speed will bo loathed between Afcl* bnurnn and London, and that eventu- ally theie will bo as a regular mstitu-j tion a lout ney from London to Sydney l ni foin da}s  AEBIAL NAVlGfiTIOI JJOmxm TO SYDNEY. j FOUR DAYS' TRIP. London, Jan. 6. ....... The managing director of the Air . craft Manufacturing Go. says he is j absolutely confident that within a j reasonable time 100 miles per hour ! nefcfc speed between Melbourne and 1 London will be a regular institution, j ?The journey from London to Sydney would take four days. j ? ? ' i  IN TUE PLT1NO' KRA. STDNET TO LONDON IS JWR DAYS LONDON. January --? The managing director ur tlie Air. cratt Manufacturing Co. eays bs u absolutely confident that within % rea^ soriable tlav IPO mile* an hour net aseed DetWMn Helbouraa and London will l-e a. r«ei»lar InaUtuUon. The Jour |ney from London to Sydney WIH oc cupy four days^ ?  LONDON TO SYDNEY; ELEVEN DATS' FLIGHT. LIEUT. IIINKLER'S PLAN. SOME INTERESTING DETAILS. B UTC DA BERG, Monday.—rueuteuarit ; Bert Ilinklor, the , young Bundatiorg ~ airman who has entered for the' flight v to Australia from England, writing! to his parents under date March 22, says f that for some time,past ho liad been contemplating a flight home I'rom Eug- V land. His idea, lie says, was to utilise';1'^ the type of machine which he had used: ^ N in Italy, to which he would, moke: iter-. V; tain adjustments enabling him to :ke«p'.-v in the air for 10(10 miles or so afc'Vii S stretch. '' ; > ' ' ' &lt;T The linn to which he made the: pro-. A'/: position, however, thought it was a-bit' too muitit for that particular class .cof uiauhine, and as an alternative :"sug-; ::j3, •stcd a machine which was being,re*' inmlelled I'or war use with, jui7:C8d; horsc-powuf.. enginecapalile: of .' - doingViii:'e 100 niiles an hour on the level. /«,,'• For the Might lie would eomnieneo.at ; :i or 4 a.m. eacli day, and finish early ;; in .tlio afternoon, thus • obviating any, dangerNof becoming lost in the dark- i liess in a strange country. After, land-. ing Vach afternoon, at the oird of the- \ stage of. his 'journey there would^.f:be .vAt: time to examine, the ninchine in day? light and make .all r«i-arningements>jm'v.:^j us to ^sjjart the next. morning : before ' ; daylight. ■■■■.. - ... , ,N- '■ ■ ■: Lieutenant Hinkler thns outlines, bis ' ; timetable:—London,' start ,2 a.m.,.;.and;,, - arrive at Brindisi, f.TOO miles. Second^ day:. Arrive at Damascus, 2300 inflosS..',^ Third'day:; Arrive at Shiraz, ih Persia,iv.'^ 3300 miles. Fourth day.: Arrive - at • ' Karachi, India, 4300 miles. Fifth dayij .v.*/' Arrive at Calciitta, 51500 miles. Sixth v''; day: Arriveat 7oimssiren^.^X^Mi>»:|fiS' liOOO . miles. Seventh day: Arrive at> Macassar, in • tlio 'Celebes, 7000 miles, ■.v-py Eighth day: Arrive',at Daiwln,pf!AiMR;!^V! tralia, 8550 miles. JJinth day: Arrivo ,i .'v at Jliighenden, 0050 .'miles.'. Tenth day: 'i ; ^ Arrive at Bundaberg, " 10,350 /milesi ^lJ Eleventh day:'1 night, to Sydney.- ■ f~ Xu travelling the whole .1.1,000. miles j.s s he considers that the hardest going will J'sr.::. be .'the stretch across India. , • ;,.v. . ,. The -Agent-General for Queensland,;.'-^.v Sir Thomas Robinson, -wished" him. :the».v, v. best of luck when ho mentioned.the. venture to him, but when he .touched' 'upon'tbc matter of financial assistance • lie was politely referred .to another - de-.i.' partmcnt. ' > f" The offer of a. prize for a ilightiby.-vv ' the Australian. Government • has- .evir., > deutly acted , as a stimulus . mnouigsfc y aircraft firms, and the result is -that .; ,;i LieutenantHinkler has entered for ; tho, flight. .He.says that from information:.^' ho has gathered from Indian, pilots, : - ■ flying conditions over India are none too favorable; 1rat at the; time of writ-'W' ing he was confident -that if he was. able to secure amachine lie would bo v. ' able to annihilate tlio distance between p the Thames and the Burnett,' and a .«i little more as well. . ' ,'  Dreams of the Air LONDON TO SYDNEY. FOUR DAYS' FLIGHT. . LONDON, Monday.—The managing director of an aircraft manufacturing company says he is absolutely confident that within a reasonable time a service flying at the rate of 100 miles an hour net speed . between Melbourne and London will be a regular institution. The journey between Loudon and Sydney I would take four days. i  LOIWNM TO SYDLET. AERIAL JOUENEY IN FOUR DAYS. London. Jan. 7. The managing director of the Aircraft Manufacturing Company says that he is absolutely confident that w:thin a reason able time 100 miles an hour will be the net speed between Melbourne end London. There will be a regular service, and the journey from London to Sydney will take four days.  LONDON TO SYDNEY !N 12 DAYS, (United Service Special Cable.) Mr. Hughes has requested Senator Pearce to come to Paris as soon as pos sible to discuss demobilisation and ship ping problems. Sir Joseph Cook ic turned to Paris on Tuesday, accom panied by two prominent naval officers, who have been offered Australian po sitions. Major-Genera I Seely .inform ed Mr. Hughes tbv.t the Air Ministry's surveyors were -prosrressimr satisfactor ily with the survey of the Australian uir route. Ho hoped it would be pos sible to have a 1'2-day mail trip from London to Sydney. Mr. Hughes has requested Mr. Handiey Page to sub mit figures regarding mail sei-viee*. It is believed the- cost will be enormous. Ft is understood xiie Australian Go vernment submitted an important ae/ial scheme to the Ministry. ?  AERIAL MAIL SERVICE GREAT THINGS EXPECTED. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN POUR DAYS. (United.) London. Mopday. M ras, Holt and Thomas, the leai Ing alrplana manufacturers, inter- viewed, said they were confident that within a reasonable time mail services of 100 miles an hour would run be tween London and Melbourne, and bh regular. Nowhere in the world was more than four 'diys from London. Flights could be made from London to Sydney In tour days, and from London to Bagdad in a day and a half, and to Caipetown in three days. The trade of the Empira wasbound to rapidly in crease. Airplanes would start and land at post offces, and keep absolute schedule time. Letters between Lon doh and Paris would beat the tele graphs.  .' MAILS ly AEROPLANE. LONDON TO SSYDNTiY IN TWKIjVB ;uh, nua'iies sicidks aiom'a'i&lt; fetrattj ■ S6rvlc&lt;i,W/'f / ' . ? so,-fWLONDON^Mnroli/17!'/ •■: " MnjoitdfliiwhkJi, 12. U." Wftoly1, Umlor« Si^roiwy ., to thoi Air Mltiinlrjrj. Imn.''.1. lt»-« fotonod' Mr.: Ilimlxiv, l'riinp MlnlaUir for ilnit tlio/AlrjjVIIiilotr.v'HiSuryoy orn iu'0 iirn(',roii!(|>if( hfitinfnotorlly Willi ilio tmvvoy, of'.tiio.Aiintrnllnn ult1'route," Thfcy hopo' it will'iio pniwlljlo tn Imvo 32-tlnJr' mail tripsi from Loiiilon to!:Syibitfyi &lt; , Mr. vMuftluft .l\un rut^ioKlui) Pi Ilftndloy Pnp.o-stp uulmiil, flpurtrt far, 11, milll . It In bollovcd llwit.llto &lt;t'ool., wt)l«bq ounr.iuouii,It., Is umlorfttgdd. (ho'Auntnillnn Clovorntiicnb,,|iiiir mdiinlttml 1111,imnortiiiit norlnl ucliqnio to tlmBritJsh MJilfaltyi-f1 ■: if.i S):, 'tii, '■> jM(ijoiV' Blnl(o,ii(nii uvliiUnn oxiicrii, din. iMitviiiifij'.Uioi no)'lnl: lYiiitwiiof tJin Kim>|jvy llio ni'mitcmiwiilrn)ll]i wntm i»"i)io world) in it will contiopt' (mnlly AvItli-iliuiniivChlnn,' tudlu, .ami' AVprt*Atnorl&lt;mn. MMm' wnehalwi-' rnnuo of frliflU(iV|tos(,\13rlil«h! tiirpliljw •' Is lit'filly, Ino^iViwl" ,, Oilier KrartL.ouiit.rnijtlMoUulttiJniimlimi in :lto Drltl0l|!\\VoNbVaiiilion, ivliluli" li) im» jvnllodj nn flu i ti tt? nifr J In tty^ 1/iwo, • from fliirojio! nnd : from■ 'A\m(ra1iti, .. • v.'.,  TO-DAYS CABLES ■ HAWKER AND 'GRIEVE SAFE ARRIVING IN LONDON TO-DAY. Sydney, Tucsii j Htuvlccr'iiud Grieve wore iu the' water i'or ail hour aiul a hair. ' ' Both are in good health,. and will arrive iu London to-day (Tuesday.) '  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS Major-General .Lagge, Chief of the General Staff of tho Commonwealth Military Forces, says that as soon as a routo was mapped out, and landing Sta tions established, airmen using the lat est type of 'planes, which can travel it the rate of 130 miles an hour, would [ind no difficulty in travelling from London to Melbourne in just over five, lays. It was quito probable that tlje Eiandley-Page machine, that had fC ,-outlv flown from London to Delhi, ?vould shortly bo tried on a flight to Singapore, and then the neit stage ivould be Australia. Business men weiv already beginning lo talk about the flotation of Austrft .ion aviation companies. Hq had heard jf one proposition for whioh a capital jutlay of £'500,0t)0 had been mention ad. Such a company could very well provide a certain amount of transport -etween the capital eitios of Australia, aut it would be nothing like big; enough to provide all tho aerial transport tyluoh ae thought Australia would be ready to make use of in a very short time. Perhaps you had better- put off your trip to England until the fiv©-daj[ ft^ro plano arrives. Be up with the tinies!  LONDON TO SYDNEY POUR DAYS' FLIGHT Spur to Empire Trade (B!rom our Special Representative) LONDON, Tuesday Night. Holt and Thomas, leading airplane manufacturers, in an interview, ex pressed themselves ae- confident that within a reasonable time mall ser vices averaging 100 miles an hour be tween London and Melbourne would be regular and that no place in tho world would be more than four days' travel from London. With Sydney four days from Lon don, Bagdad a day and a half, and Capetown three days, the trade of the Empire was bound rapidly to Increase. Alrplaues will start and land at the post office and keep absolute schedule time. Letters between London and Paris will beat telegrams. Captain Lang, who' recently estab lished an altitude record of almost six miles, has stated his ambition to fly across Australia and across the Atlantic. He believes that aviation will revolutionise Australian transport within a generation.  AERIAL VOYAGES FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS. LONDON, Monday Night. — The managing director of the Aircraft Manufacturing Company says ho is absolutely confident that within a reasonable time a hundred miles an hour net speed between Melbourne \ axxd London will -he a regular institu tion. The journey from .London to Sydenham wall occupy four days.  Australia s Future in the Air I LONDON TO SYDNEY I IN TWELVE DAYS I IS OFFICIAL HOPE . 1 1 ' . I Hughes Seeks Aerial Mail Service I- ; I, " , &lt;Bjr Our Special Representative) ' \ I . 'PARIS, March 17; I Major-General J. E. B. Seely, Under Secretary, to the Air. Ministry has I informed Mr Hughes, Prime Minister of Australia, that" the Air Ministry's I surveyors are progressing satisfactorily with the survey of the Australian air - ' I route. They, hope it will be possible to have 12-day mail trips from. London I to Sydney. I Mr Hughes has requested Mr F. Handley Page to submit figures .for a I mail service. It is believed that the cost will be enormous. It.is unders.tpdd I that the Australian .Government has submitted an important aerial scheme to I the British Ministry.,.. I (By Our Special Representative) I LONDON, March- 1'6 I Major Blake, an aviation expert, discussing the aerial routes, of the Em- ; I pirc, concludes that Australia is destined to be the greatest, airship centre in I the world, as it will connect easily with Japan, China, India and West Aineri- - can cities when the range. of the largest British airships is slightly increased. ' Other great centres include Jamaica, in the British West, Indies, which is ' unrivalled as an intermediate base, from which to distribute mails arid pass engers from Europe and from Australia. - ..  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS. ArcawrMe's conFJ1DNXV The managing director of an aircraft mnanufacturin, company says he is abso. lut )y confident that within a reasonable time 100 miles an hour not speed be tween Melbourne ani 'London will be a regular institutios. The journey from London to Sydney will be accomplished in four days.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 4 DAYS j Prospects of Air Travel: . The managing director of a London air- craft manufacturing company says that he] is absolutely confident that within a reason- able lime aeroplane trips between Mel- bourne and Jvonelon at a net speed of 100 miles an hour will bo a regular institution. The journey between. London and Sydney will occupy four days. Across America. Four army aeroplanes from San Diego (California) have arrived in New York, having completed the first transcontinental flight. Repeated breakdowns occurred, and the journey occupied a' month. 1 "Within five years navigation in an aero- plane in bael weather ought to be as easy as steering a ship in similar circumstances," declared the president of the Air Counçii - (Lord Weir) in a speech at Manchester à fortnight ago. "Already WP have aero- planes which are able to climb 10,000ft., travel 100 miles an hour, make a non-stop journey of 1,200 miles, alight on the sea. and rise again with a full load. A new and tre- mendous industry is about to be creyiteei out ! of the Koval Air Force, which has been trained an.il developed in war, and will put L its leesons into practice for the purposes til (?pence and civilisation. The Air Force, which had 285 oflicerB and 1,853 men in August, 1914, now includes 30,000 officers and . 260,000 men, besides 3O,'00O women and boys. j The chief problems of the immediate future are severe iiavigational-itraininic,'- the »crea- tion of an energetic meteorological service, the adoption of improved wireless tele- graphy and telephony, and the adoption of a iirst-claBs sj-stem of day and night innrk | ing of landing places and aerodromes. These things will cost a lot of money, but they 1 will consummate and justify the work of the men who have died." j Since this statement by Lord Weir a Handiej'-Page aeroplane, carrying an Aus- tralian officer as passenger, has ilovvn from . London to Calcutta.  LONDON TO SYDNEY SERIAL JOURNEY IN FOUR DAYS. LONDON, Jan. 6, 8 p.m. The managing director of the Air craft Manufacturing Company says that he is absolutely confident - that within a reasonable time 100 miles an hour will be the net speed between Melbourne and London. There will be a regular service, arid the journey from London to Sydney will take. four days.  SY=NEY TO LONDON IN 2; DAT9. The advent of the 30-lnot steamers across the Atlantic, performing the trip in four days, is of importance to Austra flans, as it will considerably reduce tra. -elling time between Sydney and Londou Hitherto the quickest possible time be -ween these two points has been 29 days, and if at any time in the near future it c-an be arranged to have a 20-knot ser vice it will be possible to cover the Syd n:ey-London trip in .5 days, iacluding stops at Samoa ani) Honolulu.  London to Sydney MAMA IN BZSVEN DATS. The flight of Captain Ross Smith and bis crow in thoir Vickors-Vimy ma chine steroid half the world hns reached a stage of Intonno interest Ho started from London on November 30, And made half the distance, to Delhi, in 13 day, on live of which he did not fly. Even on some of the dnyn on which ho did fly much timo wa# lont because of bad landing grounds, and much work was necessary to get tlio grouud into condition for his next take-off. He lost a day nt Pihu, rented two days at Basra, und was also two days nt Delhi. His average for all the 10 dny was 470 miles of flight a day. His flying hour Nocms to covor about 00 miles. 80 that his average daily flight would lie about five hour#. t'ousMderutlon of these fact# nnd fig ure# indicate# that when tlii# route b properly organised, when fliers no long er have to put up with had ncrodromes. when #p:iroH nnd petrol Biipplie nnd mechanics ure ipreud along the way as they ore in the garages oat the rasia rondH of terrestrial traffic, thlx time will 'he cojirtidornbly cut down. The letters ubich Captain (Rosa Smith carries, if all goes well, will reach their recipients in just about the time it woald have takou them to como from London acroHH the Atlantic or vie Suae —29 or 30 days. Cut out the flvo days lost through various cuuses, nnd Cap tain Ross Smith will have brought' down the mail tiiuc to 2 er 35 days of actual travelling. ? , The men who come after Mm, instead of flying five hour# a day, will lly eight or ten. No sooner doee ff maa sot up tho drat record over a givon distance than Homebody immediately cuts it down. 'Many will remember tho .first Melbourne to Sydnoy non-stop motor trip by Kellow and James, It took them 25 hours. Other motorists havo cut it down to less thon 15 hours. And #0 it will bo with tho Australian filght. In a few years, it Is safe to prediet the mails will reach Australia in sovon days or so, in machines which will fly over vast stretches of land and see, night and day. If thoy have to land thoro will be good, lunding places, where the mud doos not roaeh to tho oxlos of tho undercarriuge. There will be no bamboo roads to bo built by coolies to got the machines on to firm ground for thoir take-off. Relay organisation will cut out, the handicap of perBon&l fati gue. Our cables, at present, take about five day# in transit from London. In the recent times of hopeless congestion took as much as 14 or 16 days. It la per peetly within the bounds of possibility that thoso airmen who follow Captain Ross Smith In bit great flight Will ha ablo to deliver messages in Australia mure quickly than thi cable Is doing now. When Captain Rosa 8mith reached Bourabaya ho had covered, roughly, about 9000 miles— map distance. At 90 miles an hour that means 100 hours of flight. Were it possible to go on night and day, oxcept for a few important landings for supplies of fuel, flying 90 hours a day instead of about five, that distance could have been covered in five days. That it will bo so covored in' the nenr future who can doubt T It is only a decado since Bleriot crowed the straights of Dover, while all the world woodercd. Day by day new records are mado, and month by month tho petrol engine becomes more reliable. The en gine of ten years bones may easily bo to the Rolls Boyea .aaehlaes which drive tho Vlckers-Vlmy of Captain Row Smith as thoso are to tho Rule rotary gnome which carried Bleriot to his triumph,  London to Sydney— Four Days. if a person is in a hurry in a feAV years, time he will he able to do the 12,000 miles between Sydney and London in four days. ITolt and rm. . i n T . » a nomas, teaaing aeroplane manu facturers, aahen interviewed said they Avere confident that Avithin a reasonable time a mail service nt 100 miles an hour net between Lon don and Melbourne Avill be regular. Nowhere in the Avorld is more than four days from London. With Syd ney four days' journey from Lon don, Bagdad a day and a half, and Capetown three, the trade of the Empire is bound to increase. The aeroplanes Avill start from and land at a post office, keeping absolute schedule time. Letters between Lou don and Paris Avill beat the tele graphs. Captain Lang states that it is his ambition to fly across ' Australia and the Atlantic. He be lieves aATiation will revolutionise Australian transportation Within a generation.  MAILS IN SEVEN DAYS | FROM LONDON YO SYDNEY ; i - i j FUTURE POSSIBILITIES Consideration of the facts and figure! of Captain Ross Smith's Eight indicate tnat »hen this route is properly organ ísed, when fueis no longer nave to pul up with bad aerodromes, when spare; and petrol supplies and mechanics arc spre.id along the way they are ir ian g.iiiigcc on'the main roads oí ter- ri stria; traine, this time will be con- siderably cut down. 'the letters wh eh Captain Ross Snvitli carries, it all goes well (says the "Sun"; will reach their recipients in just aboul the tuno it would liavo taken them tc come from London across the Atlantic or via .Suca-SÜ or 3J days. Cut out tlie five days lost through various cause and Capta.n líos* : ni th will ha\'&lt; brought down the mail timo to 24 or '21 days of actual travelling. Tue men who come alter him, instead of living live hours a day, wi'l fly eight or 1U. No sooner does a man set up tho first record over u given distance than somebody immediately cuts it down. Many will remember the first Melbourne to Sydney non-stop motor trip by Keltow and James. It took them ¡¿5 hours. Other motorists have cut it down to less than 15 hours. Aud so it will be with the Australian flight. In a few years, it is safe to predict, the mails will reach Australia in seven days or so, in machines which will fly over vast stretches of 'and and sci,* night and day. If they have to lan'd thero will be good lauding places, where the mud does not reach to the axles of the undercarriage. There will be no bam- beo roads to be built by coolies to get tho machines on to firm ground Tor their take-off. Relay organisation will cut out the handicap of personal fat- igue. Our cables, at present, take about five days in transit from London. In tho recent times of hopeless congestion they took as much as 14 or 15 days. It is perfectly within the bounds of possibility that those airmen who fol- low Captain Ross Smith in his great flight will be able to deliver messages, in Australia more quickly than the cable is doing it now. When Captain Roas Smith reached Sourabaya lie had covered, roughly, about 9Û0O mile«, map distance. At 90 miles an hour that means 100 hours of fl'ght. Were it possible to go on night and day, except for a few im- portant landings for supplies of fuel, flying 20 hours a day instead of about five, that distanco cotild have been cov- ered in five days. That it vn\ be so covered in tho near future who can doubt? It is only a decade since Bler iot crossed the Str-aitu of Dover, while all the world wondered. Day by day new records are made, and month by month the petrol engine becomes more reliable. The en^'no of 10 years hence mnv easily b&lt;> to the Ro/Is-Royce ma- chines which drive tjie Tickers-Vimy of Capta n Ross Smith as these are to the little rotary Gnome which car- ried Bleriot to his triumph. j  LONDON TO SYDNEY ( MAILS IN SEVEN DAYS | possibilities of Future QUICKER THAN THE CABLES | The flight of Captain Ross Smith and | his crew in their Vickors-Vimy ma- | clilno across hnlf tho world has reach- | ed a stage of intense interest. Will ho | rpnnVi r>n rwln within' the thirty days s necessary to fulfil tho conditions of tho | Commonwealth Government's prize of | £10,000? ' | He started from London on iNovem- | ber 12, and mnde half the distance, to | Delhi, in 18 days, on flvo of which ho | did not fly. Even on somfe of the days | on which ho did fly much time was | lost because of bad landing grounds, | and in ugh work was necessary to get | tho ground into condition for his next | take-off. He lost a day at Pisa, rested | two days at Basra, and was also two | days at Delhi. His average for all tho \ 19 days was 470 miles of flight a day. 1 His flying hour seems to cover about = 90 miles. So that his averago daily = flight would be about five hours. | WHEN ROUTE IS ORGANISED | Consideration of these facts and | iigures indicates that when this route | is properly organised, when fliers no I longer have to put up with bad aero- | dromes, when spares and petrol sup- | plies and mechanics are spread along = the way as thoy are in the garages on | the main roads of terrestrial traffic, | this tlmo 'will ' bo considerably cut | down. i The letters which Captain Ross i Smith cari'ies, if all goes well, will | reach their recipients in just about the s, time it would have taken them to come from London across the Atlantic or via Suez — 29 or 30 days. Cut out the Ave days lost through various causes, and Captain Ross Smith will have brought down the mail time to 24 or 25 days of actual travelling. j The men who come after him. in stead of flying five hours a day, will fly eight or ten. No sooner does a man set up the first record over a giv en distance than somebody Immedi ately cuts it down. Many will re member the first Melbourne to Syd- nnv nnn.ctnn mnf nv trin W TTnllftiV I and James.lt took them 25 hours.Other j motorists have out it down to less j than 15 hours. And so it will bo with j tho Australian flight. In a few years, it is safe to predict, the mails will reaeli Australia in seven days or so, i in machines which will fly over vast stretches of land, and sea, night and day. If they have to land there will be good landing places, where the I mud does not reach to the axles of the undercarriage. There will bo no bamboo roads to be built by coolies to get tho machines on to Arm ground for' their take-off. Relay organisation will cut out tho handicap of personal fatigue. RIVALLING THE CABLE Our cables, at present, take about five days in transit from London. In the recent times of hopeless conges tion they took as much as 14 or 15 days. It is perfectly within the bounds of possibility that those airmen who follow Captain Ross Smith in his great flight will bo able to deliver messages in Australia more quickly than the cable is doing it now. When Captain Ross Smith reached Sourabaya he had covered, roughly, about 9000 miles— map distance. At 90 miles an hour that means 100 hours of flight Were it possible to go on night and day, except for a few important landings for supplies of fuel, flying 20 hours a day instead of about Ave, that distance could have been covered in five days. That it will be so covered in the near future who can doubt? It is only a decade since Bleriot crossed the Straits of Dover, while all tho world wondered. Day by day new re cords are made, and month by month the petrol engine becomes more re liable. The engine of ten years hence may easily be to the Rolls Royce ma chines which drive the Vlckers-Vimy of Captain Ross Smith as these are to the little rotaray Gnome which carried Bleriot to his triumph.  ' THE AIR AGE LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS LONDON, January -1_Wo aro rush ina into tho air ago. You can hear iii: heat of the engines every ilny and ru'giii ill London, llefure long tho drone wi!, 1)8 an accustomed sound wherever mei dwell. Speed ll'light! tho messago tell of a wonderful iutiire. 'Free lise of tho freo air hy fm men. What prospects of travel, uf erne, panionship, of common sight, anil m. derstaiuling of one another aro i in- jured lip. Scores of t/ioieiiiids ul .?.cn, plaucs will bo in the air in 10 myriads in SC1. Gie.it rigid air-hips nil look down on tho slow ern lt of i'i sea, and prove th.it man has ti ¡amplíe again. Machines travel dai'* between Lon- don and Paris. Italy has institut«, tho firit aerial post. Egypt tn Illili, has teen flown. ËIMV!.II:&lt;1 tu .-ill.-!¡Mil. is planned. Britain and United Stair are in keenest rivalry in pi-odm-in. the first trans-Atlantic liver. The y. ai will bc rich in achievement. It promises, according to tho Britts i Civil Aviation Committee's repott, ti bring sixpcnce-a-mile passenger trairb rrgular servkci between the Lu cities of Eur»))?, espri'-s mails at K niilcs an hour fur '2 l-> un omite. Airshirs for I eng Di-tnlK, -. Aeropjams heat tho airships ¡it var They were ton slow and vulnerable foi fighting. But they are anning into . great future. Here Germany leads. Her _luttai Zeppelins outclass our latest, Nu. 'Jl wh'ich has a length nf 5-IOft. mid capa city of a million cubic feet. The ln-i Zeppelin handed over tu us can mon than doub'e that. Yet in this class of flying Britni makers arc going tu di great thliig Thcro are innre than a hundred Briu-i airships to-day. Most are very Maali more non-rigid gas-bags, with a Maa! car, holding engine and two people. They have been used as the eyes ni tie Hoot, especially in thc niiti-submiiriia campaign, and have won a permain m place in the navy for much of tho ivor previously dono by ei-iii-ri-s. Mm. important for iiimmercial living, lin i over, is the rigid typo. lt is this craft which will ostaliü-: tho great passenger services. By tin".' five-day voyages between Sydney atrl London will beconio a general I hin / With aeroplanes flights will alway, bo a series of short jumps, fruin laud- ing stago to landing stage, at eai-h oi which passengers will spend a night in a rest-house and change into rented clothing. In tho airship nindi of i!,. comfort, of au express train will 'e possible. Au airship cm borer up>,? beautiful scenery, carry baths and smoking rooms, proceed nt leisure): pace at a moderate height from -i- it v to city. Long Cruises. Tho- longest cruiso to dato ha* been that of a British airship, Ol hours. Din- ing tho war the navy's best was 'ri hours 55 minutes, done in per.-isten: chase of a submarine. Those figur - will ho easily outdone by the ni ne-' British tvne. which will have a a capacity of almost 2,"0,00O cullie fee a length of nearly 700ft., a dispn-abl' lift, for passengers' goods, bagfsr;' and so forth, of 50 tons, a full .speed , Í 71 miles an hour, a cruising range ,n 0'60 miles and a cruising endiiran.e m almost nine da vs. This tvpe is bein ; built. Another" holding 10,000.1 ft! fe« of gas and cruising for 10 (lavs, '. planned. Tt will lift 200 tons nf |.e > ¡de and goods. Tho prospects are without limit. I! fore to-dav's children are to-morrow' adults airships with roof cardons, willi non-inflammable gas, with nntranat: provisions for security, with capaci' ? to stay aloft while engines arc l i in..' repaired and good landing stages bein,: chosen, with speed of at. least n hun- dred miles and eapan'lv to buffel against gales and storms- these ar going to come. The busy little aero- planes, whirring their noisy way abm t tim globe at almost incredible speed, will bo the harbingers for ginifer era:' which will lift all mankind to tte ski«. What prospects of peace, of indus- try, of mior-foimminion between {}.?' ncoples of the world! Yet I wMi I bad confined myself in tiïis letler tu tho actualities of to-day, which av themselves mighty and ominous, and surely striking enough to ennvim" Australians that they must be up an I doing. j Austrn'ian fivers in France, Rei ginm and Palestine proved their. - Felves fit rompnnv for tho greate-: j on earth. Australian mechanics haw j with canal emphasis mrgle a glorimi- | naire for Australian aviation, is if | ton much lo hope that the energv | «nd foresight of tho Australian pun- | lie will makn Australian nvialiua j worthy of these glowing youths?  LONDON TO SYDNEY — 4 DAYS. 100 MILES PER HOUR NETT. TinWriGW Tiiscilav The managing director of the Air craft Manufacturing Company says he is absolutely confident that within a reasonable time a hundred miles an hour will he the nett speed attained be tween Melbourne and London and will be a regular institution." The journey from London to Sydney, he added, will take four days.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR DAYS. ? VANCOUVER, Tuoaday, iioit and Tnoraas, leading a rplano manufacturers, In an Inter view stated that, they ere confident wiihin \ reasonable tlmo a mail service of 100 miles an hour not bo twoen London and Melbburno would bo a regular thing. Nowhoro In tho world would bo moro than four daya from London. ,  Amazing AerialProspeete E^BKEY TO XftNDGX IK YOUft Vancouver, Tuesday,—Messrs. JJblt; and Thomas, leading air-plan em anufact img?, in an interview,' stated thht they wereiioTi fideut that witliin h rtasonalde time a. mail sen-ice of lOO miles «,n lioftr net between London and Melbourne wuuld be a regular tbidy. Nowhere in the w^dwoukl be more than four days ttaai^UoaiSa. " i - l With Hydney. four daysfrom London, Bagded a tlay and a half, and Capetown 3 days, the trade of the Empire would .he bound to rapidly inerease. ; Airplanes rwiil,start and land at a.post office, keeping absolute scbeduletime- Let-;v jtera.betr&ep London ahd Paris would beat j states that he hadon ambition to fly ats^ss Awefchalia and across the AtiaiP tier ||je believes aviation will revolutionise Austmnah tramporhwithin a generation. :■  13 DAYS SYDNEY TO LONOOH. AMERICAN NAVAL PLANES WILL TeV THE ATLANTIC fUCHT. ^Renter.) '???'.- Admiral,!). V?~. Taylor, Chief of the United- States -Naval Bureau of Con struction, has Announced that the navy vrjh.' -be ready vithjin a month to at tempt aii aircraft 'flight across the At lantic. Two jnachines will lie used. nnd they, 'irill probably t»t!ii-f siuxjl tnnetfiVsiy; - -AlaJDr-Ge-neral J. ¥.. B. fiooly, T'ude j^ecretRry -to tno Air aiinistry, uas m formedjifr. Hugljes, Priiue Minister -*-i' Australia, chat the Air Ministry's svr veyofs «ri -progressing satisfai-torily wich the 6ttr.rev of the Australian .iir route. Th*-y liope it will be^ possible Do hayo 12-day mail trips from JJwndon U) %^dttey. Mr. Hughes has requested Mr. F. Handley Page to submit figures for a mail service . it is understood that t«e Australian. Govornmeut has subn ittod an- important aerial sdipnn1 to tno liri tifii Ministry. Major Blake, an aviation expert, clis cussinp; the aerial routes of the Empire, concludes that Australia is destined to be the greatest airship centre in the world. *iS it will connect easily with Japan. Chin«, India and West Ameri can cities when the range of the Mijsest British airships is slightly, in «.roa=«d. Other great, centres include Janu.ica, in the British West Indies, nijich is -t-irivalled a's an interinpdi.it! base, fron» which to distribute in:ii^ and 'passengers from Europe and frn;n Australia.  THIRTY-KNOT LINERS. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 25 DAYS. Tbo advent of 30-knot steamers across tho Atlantic, performing tho trip in four days. Is of importance to Australians, as It will consider ably reduco travolting tlmo between Sydnoy nud London. Hitherto tho quickest possiblo tlmo between tlicso two points has boon 29 days, and It nt nny tlmo in tho near futuro it enn bo arranged to havo a 20-knot sorvlco bo- tweon Sydney and San Francisco it will be possiblo to cover tho Sydney-London trip In 25 days, lncIudlng'Btopsj'nt Samoa and Honolulu. On both sides of tho Atlantic aro cnormoiiB populations which oncourngo steamship-owners to keep on improving tlielr services. Atlantic time lias In tlio past, and always will, havo an inllucnco on tho trans-Pacific speed, aa well ns on railroad tima-tablos between San Francisco and Now York, for tho reason that It attracts nn ever-growing attontlon to tho shortest roiito, so that an nccenluated forward move ment In ono portion of the routo Is bound to bring tlio question of spocdlng up tho remain ing portions.  LONDON TO SYDNEY. ELEVEN DAYS' FLIGHT. LIEUT. HINKLER'S FLAN. iLcutrunnt Ilinkler thus outline his Bundabcrg airman who bus entered f-r the (light to Australia from England, writing to his naren s under date March 22, says thut for some time part he bad been eoiilen-jilntitig a (light home from England. Mis idea, be sure, was to utilise .he !yj»e &lt;-f machine which he had used in Italy, to which he would make certain ndjustments, enabling Jiini to he |» (lie air for 1060 mile# or so nt a rtte'eh. Tito lima to which Ae made the pro- pniiti.-n, however, thought it was a bit too much for tha particular dut-a of machine, Hud a uu Alternative sug- gextt ,1 n machine which was being re modelled tor war use with an 80 horse- power «ugine capstblc of diing 100 mile- an hour uli the level. lor the flight he world commence at .' or 4 a.m. each day, nnd fitmli early in :l;o oftrrnoon tbvialing any danger uf becoming lort in the dark- lies# in n strange euimtrv. After land ing each afternoon nt (he end of Hie stage nf his journey th-rc would be 'hue to examine 'the ninchiiic in day light and make all ic arrangements so a# to start the uest morning before daylight . Lieutenant Kinkier ihu outlines his timetable:— London, start 2 a.m., anil arrive at Urlndisl, 11"0 miles. Second dny: Arrive at Damascus, 2100 miles. Third day, Arrive at f hirer, la Persia, in'r) miles. 3\urtb day: Arrive ai Kernchifl India. mile#. Fifth day; Arrive at Calcutta 56O0 miles Hixth day; Arrive at Tcnasriren, in Siam, 6600 mile fteventk day. Arrive at MacOsor, io the Cclelies, 7600 miles. Eight day: Arrive n' Darwin, Aus tralia, 8300 miles. Ninth day: Arrive nt llughcnden, 9500 mile. Tenth day: Arrive at Bundabcrg, 10,150 miles. Eleventh doy: Flight to Sydney. 4 n (rnveliing the whole 11,0(MJ miles In c&lt; inridcr that the hardest going wi'l be the stretch aerosi India. The Agent-General for Queensland, £lr Thomas Bobinion, wished him the best of luck when he mcuticned the venture to him, 1»ut when he touched upon the matter of financial assistance he was politely retort"! to another dc- pnrtmen''. Thp offer of o jtrizc fr-r a flight by the Australian Government lias evi dent!.- nrted as a stiii uloos amongst aircraf: firm#, aud the result Is that Lieutenant 11 inkier has entered for the fiiglit. He says that- from informa tion he has gathered from Indian pil e-Is, living conditions over India are none too favorable; but at tlie time of writing he was confident that if lie was able to cccnre a machine be would be able to nntiihilntc the distance be tween the Thames and the Burnett, uud a little more as well.  AUSTRALIA'S FUTURE IN THE AIR. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN TWELVE DAYS. PARIS, March 17. Major-General J. E. B. Seely, Under Secretary to the Air Ministry, has in formed Mr. Hughes, Prime Minister for Australia, that the Air Ministry's surveyors are progressing satisfac torily with the survey of the Austral ian air route. They hope it will be possible to have 12 day mail trips from London to Sydney. Mr. Hughes has requested Mr. F. Handley Page to submit figures for a mail service. It is believed that the cost will be enormous. It is under stood that the Australian Government has submitted an important aerial scheme to the British Ministry.  CIVIL WAR , . -.' ' AMONGST GERMANS IN BERUN. ,LSHEVISM INTBODybED INTO AMERICA. - s .LONDON TO. SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS. . . 'r .rboii oub oombined vtiubs." reuter, and. touted : ' oawub 8bbviob. 1 Such of the news as is so Indicated/appear In the "Timst" thte morulas ,. ;.ud is cabled to this paper by special permission. It ifcontA bo oadtr ' . .stood that the opinions expressed are not those pf tbo "Timet" unlaw - expressly stated to be M. " "  AVIATION EXTBAOK DINAEY. IHOM LONDON TO SYEN^IN FOUR DAYS. t LONDON. January 7. The managing director of the Aircraft Manufacturing Company says he is abso- lutely confident that within a reasonable time one hundred miles an hoar a net ;," epeed between Melbourne and London '? will J a regalar institution, and that the journey from London to Sydney will be made in four days.  Amazing Aerial Prospeots. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR * r\ \ x/c \ 1 O, / I Vancouver, luesdny. *' Messrs.: Holt. and . Thomas, i leading airplane '- manufacturers; ; 111 . anvjnterr view, stated that - they were ' confideut that withui .a reasonable_-time^a'''mailf service of 100 miles an ' hour net-' : be tween London . and Melbourne --.would be a r6gular thing, i Nowhere' 111 ? the world \yould be more than four ? days irom Lunaon. . _ . With Sydney four days from -Lon- don, .Bagdad a day and a half, 'and Capetown three days, the trade of the Empire would be bound to rapidly in crease.' . .' Airplanes will start and . land tit a post office, keeping absolute schedule time. Letters between London - and Paris would beat the telegraphs. - Capt;- -Lang states- that he: - has ? an ambition . to. fly across : Australia and across the Atlantic.. .1 He; believes avia tionwill revolutionise Australian ^trans port within a generation.  /London to Sydney. -MAIL EVERY. TWELVE r. DAYS. „ v Upder-Secfe , : / tary /; of - SLrte! vtciu thq Air /DepdrL - riiuontv/in:;- Loud:OUjv|jliiia,":-v?infcirme,d Air. Hugh-els, tha,L thei Air Alm- ' ristiy'a/surycydf ? /prvy- . of; / 4he Anstfaiiaji" air/1 routa, -and that . / h d ; "ha'a /Mh'rij'j ./ ; rit ' wjbulcl. be ' pets- . siblei/jo L liavg 12-d.ay,' mail Mips Mrom//'Lohd / . Sydney. . /. Air. HughesWilL lielquest Air. Hanxilley- 'Pag© to submit figures with reglarri "tpVa xqail; sefwia. It is b:ljieveid; / /that the .cost-.-- will , b euoimcnus: It "is understood that the; Ads- : /t rajaii - '; Go vep.hmi3ht -had subimitted arif'hh the / / Ministry' Major Blakei, th« De partment's aviation expert, when - 'discussing _ the atrial .routes of. the Empire, /expressed ... thV conclusion MjrAuriYw . dtinad- itq .h'beoipia the gi«tatest: -lirship cenlrc; : - of; -/the /.wioald.A AusMalra - could mneCfe&Euy/h Ghifia; . - India, /aud;'' Wid .t. Amferican : cities, wfiu,' thcf '.rauge ' /o| the higg&st' ' /j5ntisiiV" ,j . \vius/. !&ligh.tly; -/ iii- ; creased. _ " s |  SYDNEYTO, LONDON. a sixidays'.trip. . . . . Mr. Hrginald"T&lt;loyd, of the" Aerial Ser vices Ltd.. and/ tlio liond of. tho survey parly whichria Establishing aerial stations in Australia for the purpose of inslitutihg a flying pei-yice lxolwren Sydney and Lon- don, is at jircsent; spending a Tew days in Brisbane. It . is contemplated cslnb; lishing aerial staliohs- in Queensland' at Chnrlcvillc, Longrcach, and Cbncurry,' and it is exjrocted that tho- survey will tako hboiit six months, when an experi- mental trip from Jyondon /to' Sydney will bo mado, and it 'is anticipated that tho dUtance-will bo done in '150 hour?. . - . In regard- to the. class of. machine lo he used, no particular type lias kecu de cided upon. A few inontlis ago it was intended, to .uso a Jlandky-Fage machine of Uio same, type as the innchiuo that iwas built to Immb Berlin, but during the last few months Messrs. Harland nnd Wolff! nnd Ai-instromr and Whitworth. bavc built- madiincs of tho super-Zeppelin type winch may supersede tho llandley- Page.- It is Uie intention of the company' /to gcttho best machine. _ ; By Invitation 'Mr Lloyd has proimso.ii to give an address on- "The Commercial ising of 'Flying," nt 11.30 a.in.&lt;on Monday at Xennon's- Hotel.- '  Daring Air iSchemes -0- LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS.'' GRtEAT PROJECTS MOOTED. Why have I suddenly announced the :artine of a London-Paris air ser. s Xi.\ inar as I am concerned it is nt sudden, but naturally until . the ianinsr of the Arinistice nte have de -uted ourselves entirely to the war ss G. Ilolt Thomas in The Man chester Sunday Chronicle for Noven hlr 17). 1 very long time ago now, how ,.vr, I made arrangements with the f usipaL'ie Generale Transaerienne in Paris to organise the service fromn I':ris to London, and with the So i..ta Transuporta Acrei Internazionali in Italy. of which Prince Colonna is '-..idnt, with the object of continut in. on, when circumstances permit, the n:turol route from France to Italy. .Laln. an aerial service from Aber dkin to Stavanger is going to cut to :,n ,nUojraous extent the time occupied tronm England to Norway, and I)et nor ke Luitfartrcderi, with a very, inliut'ntial board of Norwegian direc tors. wa- formed a long time since to ,omtbine with nme in this service. In India, South Africa, Canada,.etc., ht.. ha made complete arrangements, i?.t of course. so fur as actual work in, is ctincirned these are. arrange i.rnts only until. the . Air 31inistet .ives- u permission to begin opera (c'I\AGEI) PL UIIC OPINION. IfThlir. is a er-v great dilierence in 'public opinion to-day as to the use i- airclait compared with ten years oai,. The military uses of aircraft , --,. pierf-'tl t apparent in those days, itr nbsh t "agreed, with nte. To-day I lind that it is not necessary to per iand. eninent bIusiness men that aerial r:nil, and transport are things which i:rav,? come to stay. and which will ,.nortmou-y assist themt in their busi l.s I tratnsaction. Ind.u.l, it is rather the opposite, :tld lthr i-. itf anytlhinL, too strong ian tlltllaisllt for aircraft: inaslnuchl as many pIople do nIt recognise that ,ry c- tlelll it and detailed organisa tion is rn.luirNl t'e make titorial ser ni,."" i success. 1. i tunte enthalit oun introduces the ,ird " cmt m ercial" quite at diferernt .tt.i'"t i -'given to llying. Long non -;ip lights across unknown country, tithiit landing tgrouunds and reserve i.-p.ols, reserve pilots, etc.. will not In. : -tuccess aits, like everything. else. ti. mnachine is bound to break down -n.'i daty. ntil the service must be I, I.ur.Id against breakdowns of any -,,tt s-aie that of being occasionally :,. ihrtli' soime minor cause. \,, un has fully appreciated, even ti.., " ,whou intend to use aircraft for ý,,&lt;i."s p1.1u'ptoses, tihe fact that aipart uini ain ieruiopl'-ltanle's slpeed compatredl .ith Iother iudes of transport, going a5 the crow flies-' aloneu. requiring n.ithir roads nor rails irom one l,-i-t to another, i a. think which has 1."-\-r vet been done consistently for .tmmiercial purposes. and when it is ,;,,n' tot bdief is that it will be a -volut i tin in mts of Ui-olunnttailua tion. ' •" IIAL.F-BtAIEl t S?m'1 lMES." Ifh.: o,-rani-ation. ri.,utiredl howeve.r,. - onorouts. i( in iftar, is that coin -an,- promoting in this line ofi usi tns?o will be rampanti. and that half hked schetmes may tend to discredit thi really sound schemes. I am quite certain that a inatil lie nt-i-,n I.dontl and Slvdney. taking itout lice dtllo, will lte an accolm ilished fact within a reasonable pe r;od. We till of us knou. that a ima ,hinv- can tiy irom 1.ondon to Paris. iut the warc- has proved that man r-hint-s t-ltn ti prti-attcally, in Soutfh .\Arica. India. M?topotamnia. Palestine. itc..t ;tnd the war itsel ius solved 'lti:an- problemst. i-nablin itile to spring from mautchines doing 60i miles ler hour c;rryin_ o~n' passenger to ,.mchin's doingr 1:01 wil'es an hour itapabhl of cartr ing a -itrigc number of l.:tssengLers." I ihatv not, of cour?., during the wiar Iisn allotted to talk of what the ,-,tchines designed by ('aptain 1). Un Silland for the Aircruiaft Manufactutring itttiflnny have done but I ste now allowed by the Air Ministry to state some details, and I can say. that we have practical machnies, carrying 1. tons, flying at about 130 miles an hour, practically the speed of a fast scout, and ivithin the last week 1 have seen a single-engine .weight-carrying. machine doing over 140 miles an hour. The development of aircraft, and what is so useful to us, the develop ment of the. engine owing to war re quirements, has been astounding. lne are flying to-day with 800-h.p. as com pared with 60-h.p. before the war, and the development has by no means ceased.  WONDERFUL AIR SERVICE. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS. London, Jan. 8. It i6 likely that a party of Australian flying men will make an attempt to win the prize of £10,000 offered by the London "Daily Mail" for a Trans-Atlantic flight. The manufacturing director of the Aircraft Manufacturing Co. says he is absolutely confident that 100 mile8 an hoiir will be the net speed between Melbourne and London, and there will be a regu lar service. The journey from London to Sydney will .take four days. In an interview Mr. Thomas, Director of the Aircraft Manu facturing Co., says an air journey to Australia can now be done at the rate of 100 miles per hour in cluding stoppages, and a speed for a world's journey will soon be 130' miles per hour. A single airman will not fly, say, to New South Wales but will go to Paris, where he will find the machine of another airman waiting. In five minutes the mail receptacle will be trans ferred, and the second machine will make a trip of 300 miles^ which is sufficient for any pilot. 