 LINKINQ : UP. NEW STEAMSHIP SERVICE. 1 « ?ENGLISH BUSINESS MAN'S SCHEME.'* LIVERPOOL TO SYDNEY IN 30 DAYS. (United Service.) j , LONDON. Thursday. A' schcme for an accelcrated State controlled steamship service, linking up the Dominions With Enjgland is be ing considered by the Imperial ship-i ping committee. The. schem? as formulated by a business man, Mr. R. J. Turner, provides for a fleet of eight fast vfessels of 50,000 tons with high power turbine engines ,oil burn ing, with ai speed ' of 26 knots across 111c mianiic ana, as and accommodation for 600 first and 300 second-class passengers. The proposed services 'will 'bring Halifax within four days and Vancouver 8 Yi days from Liverpool as compared with seven and 12 days respectively as at present. Liverpool to Syducy via Vancouver will take'zoj^ days across Canada' and'tbc journey to New Zealand similarly wijl take l9 dSys, a decrease of 10 days. The South African service 'will run fortnightly from Plymouth tp . Capetown- in to days. Failing provision being made by thc existing lipes the ships would, [jecome the joint propejrty of the Dom inions. J ' '?  A RECORD TRIP. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 28 DAYS. SYDNEY, Friday. rrjio steamer Ceramic' which' arrived to-day, created a. record from' London virt 'the. Gape. The exact time' was 28 'days 17 hours 31 minutos. Tho, Cfera mic .is tlio biggest ship trading to SyTTnoy .»,:?'  INTER-EMPIRE SHIPS scheme fob fast services Liverpool to Sydney In -20 Days STATE CONTHOL ADVOCATED ("Herald" Special Representative) DONDON, Sept. 14. According to "The Daily Mail," a scheme for a State-controlled steam ship service to link the Dominions vvlth Great Britain is being considered by the Imperial Shipping Committee. Phe scheme was formulated by Mr U. J. Turner, a business man. It pro vides for a lleet of eight fnst' oil-burn ing vessels, .each of 60,000 tons, with high power turbine engines, to develop a speed of 26 knots, when crossing the Atlantic and 25 knots elsewhere. Dueh veseel will give accommodation for 600 first class and 300 second class passen gers. The proposed services will bring Halifax within four days and Van couver within 3% days of Liverpool, compared with seven and 12 ut present. Liverpool ' to Sydney via Vancouver will then occupy 20% days. The jour ney across Canada to New Zealand will take 19 days, a decrease of 10 days. Mr Turner also suggests a South Afri can service of fortnightly steamships from Plymouth to Capetown which would do the journey in 10 days. Fall ing provision by the existing lines, the ships would be tho joint property of the Dominions  BY AIR. - LONDO^ TO 3TONEY! * 7 j Mails iri'Tefl'Daysr' ' ■'Vv } AHiiD\ijBBn.VICB. ;• . LO.N'Dpa.Jnno'7lh. I : Vr Aniiimli liaj* iniDritjoa a-roprtf ■feahtlvo of the itaftttaltyi PrcM As savnilun that tht/OoVernmbnt 'fa.'Co operating with Vlekera Limited ia the promotion of pa Imperial Air Company to take overttioexlBttnft! (British air ships and orRatrisala.nmn «od passen gtT Birvlce. as cabled yesterday, with a capital of'mfUionrantha Jmlf. The Ant Issue ot shores tfrlH'ttelror three quartern of* a 'million.' of which tho Empire Governments will tiavc tho op-; lion of taktn? up the-fblldRlpg propor tions ^Britain £375.000: India. Aus tralia and South Africa, £t©0.000-each; IJJow Zealand £55000; Malay BtateR,' £30.000. Egypt wlli.haro tho option of joininc later, "tQlifiuld the Brltl*h Government'prefer to conflno tin; con tribution to n trvo Rift of.air*hlpH and material thelf "375U)00"^!inre8: wttl be offered to thi\ publhj.-wlth a'guaran teed 7&lt; per ccnt IhteftMi* AH Govern ments must-' Uodcctakcuitp. transmit malls Itv air ecrricc and. afso "share' the nnd profits-* »)Tho porta-of call will. incjujle, Marseilles, Athens, Onlro. Ikiz-txiBombay, Colombo,-plnK-' apore. Javar^ Perth, 'Melbourne. Sydney Wellington. ATombassa nnd Capetown. Thi llrr.t plant will comprise tlio exist ing RrUIsh ships which will probably s'nfTIcp for a few year.1*. "It ia antici pated that tho nlrfhlps conveying mail will .t)c\ capable of reuchtnc India and Sotjtli' Africa In Uvc days,-Australia and Xi-w Zealand In ten and twelve daysf respectively.;. It is anticipated that In tho experimental stages loj-sen will [be inevitable, but the venturo will ultimately bo profltalila.  DAYS OF HUMILIATION Germans Put on Paper Suits . SYDNEY MAN'S " IMPRESSIONS NEW ZEALANDER3 PROCLAIMED GENTLEMEN ("The Sun's" Special Representative) LONDON, February 22. The first new picture a£ Germany has been given by Sir Robert Ander son, of Sydney, who returned to-day. Interviewed by the representative of "The Sun," he Bald that the conditions were distressing, and tho people were very poor, but proud, Buffering hu miliation and not showing It. Tltey were very shabby and wore paper clothes. They worked hard and long hours, and In consequence tho output was good, and their Increasing effi ciency was undeniable. A few profiteers .indulged In the drinking of champagne, but the extra vagance was mostly confined to afflu ent foreigners. Under-feeding waB evident everywhoro, especially among children. Tho Germans did not object to the heavy Indemnity, but roBented the long delay, and attributed their defeat to the British Navy. They wei'o exceed ingly proud of their own army. Former officers were In a deplor- able state, and wore selling news papers and 'novelties. Hunger was compelling them to join the Russian Reds. Tho English soldiers at Cologne wero popular, but the French were loathed, and tho Germans will never forgive the use of black trcxop3. The Impression left on tho mind is one of depression, hut not despair. "The country will eventually come out a strong, self-reliant, and vigorous nation," added Sir Robert. He was convinced that Australia would he compelled to trado with Germany, and said that the Australian attitude was regarded with amusement rather than with anger. It Is claimed that Aus tralia Is bound to get German goods at a higher cost under another coun try's label. Ho remarked incidentally that tho Germans had high opinions of the New Zoalandors, who were generally de scribed as a- division of gentlemen, he- cause of their treatment of pi'lsoners and their demeanor when imprisoned.  INTER-EMPIRE SHIPS SCHEMES FOR FASTSERVICES LIVEftPeOL XGSTDXtY- IS 20 DATS. j(".iie2'ald" Special Bepreseatative.j ■LOXDOX Sentemfeer 14. .- -According to tiie "Daily - Mail.1" a J •seiieriie; for a Srate-eontroh^'d soeamsinp service to "link" the Dominions ' with -Great Britain is "being considered by the Imperial Shipping Committee; ■ - ; ' Thescheiae was formulated by" 21r. K.. J. Turner' a"business man. It provides ■tar'a'TIeet of "eigftt fast oil-imming~ves seisj "each of 50,000. tons,. with ■ "high -power" "turbine" «nig5nes," to a speed- of 26. knots when crossing the At lantic and'.'25 .kndts"" elsewhere: " Eacii vessel* will give accommodation' for &lt;300 first class and 300 second claSs passen gers. The proposed services will oring -Halifax within four days and Vancou ver within "eight and a half days of .Liverpool, compared with seven and 32 at present. Liverpool to Sydney via Vancouver -will' then occupy 20J days. The journey, across Canada to New Zealand will' take; .IS &lt;&aTs,."a decrease of-10 days. Mr. Tur- j ner" also suggests a South African ser; vice of fnruji^nll.y steamships from I .Plymouth to Capetown, which would doj -the journey in 10 days.' Failing piovi- { . sion bv"tiis exislin? lines, 'fhe-" ships j Svoiild" he* the joint property of" t*;«* I JamiofiS-' .• " " 1 j  empire air service. v MAILS AND PASSENGERS. j A COMPREHENSIVE SCHEME. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 10 DAYS. LONDON, Tuesday Night. The Tasmanian Agent-General, Mr. Ashbolt, has informed the Australian Press Association that he is co-operat ing with Vickers, Ltd., in the promo tion of the Imperial Air Company, to take over the existing British airships and organise a mail and passenger air service, as cdbled on June 6. The capital of the company will be £1,500,- 000, and the first issue will be £750,000, of which the Empire Governments have the option of taking up the fol lowing proportions: Great Britain £375,000; India, Australia and South Africa. £100.000 each: New Zealand, £55,000; Malay , States, £100,000. Egypt will have the option, of joining in later. Should the British Government pre fer to confine its contribution to a free gift of airships and material, ' its 375,000 shares will be offered to the public with a guaranteed 71 per cent, interest. All Governments must un dertake to transmit their mails by the air service, and steamers, and to also ,share in the losses as well as profits. The ports of call will include Mar seilles, Athens, Cairo, Basra, Bombay, Colombo, Singapore, Java, Perth, Mel bourne, Sydney, Wellington, Mom basa, Capetown. The first plant will comprise existing British ships, which will probably suf fice for >a few years. It is! anticipated that the service will be capable . of reaching India and South Africa in five days from Eng land, and Australia and New Zealand in 10 and 12 respectively. It is also anticipated that in the experimental stages losses will be inevitable, but that ultimately the service will be pro-, fitable.  IMPROVED OVERSEAS SERVICE BEING CONSIDERES IN BRITAIN TO SYDNEY IN 21 DAYS (United Service Message.) , London, September 14. ' The London "Daily Mail'*» says that a scheme for an accelerated State controlled steamship service linking up ; the Dominions with England is being considered by the Tm perial Shipping Committee. . The scheme has been drafted by a business- man, Mr. R. J. Turner. It provides for a fleet of eight fast vessels eaoh of 50,000 tons, with high-power turbine engines, with a speed of 26 knots over the Atlanti« and 25 elsewhere. The accommodation will he for (>00 first class and 300 second-class, passengers. Hie proposed services will brin^ 'Halifax (Nova Scotia) within four days and Vancouver within eight and a half days from Liverpool, compared with «even days and 12 days as at prosent. The Liverpool to Sydney, via Van- couver, journey, will take 20$ days, and the trans-Canada journey to New Zealand 10 days, a decrease of lo days. The South African service will leave fortnightly from Plymouth for Cape- town, and will take 10 days. Failing provision by the existing lines the ships are to become the joint piaperty of the Dominions. 