 The following appoarod in- our Socond -EdCiTon on Saturday. — " Airship Service Sydney to London Twelve Days' Journey «avnvr.n' i « Sir Iveith Smith stated yustordny. that ono of tho largo British war air ships would probably visit Australia next year. It wns expected by 1925 to hnvo a weekly nlrsliip servico from Sydney to London, the Journey occupy ing about 42- duys.'  OVERDUE AT LONDON I 4 NORWEGIAN BARQUE, v 181 DAYS FBÖM SyWeY. Vccording to a pi ¡vate cable íecelved in Sydney yesterday, tho Norwegian baique Jannn, which lett Sydney on -December 3 last for Europo, han been notified in Loudon as being overdue Reaching Sjdney tow aids the end of last yeui aftei a votj slow outward passage, the Jannn was docked und loaded foi Eutopo with 34,729 bags of wheat, belonging to tho New South Wales wheat pool Since sho left Syd- ney, 181 dajs ago, no word has boen hoaid fiom tho -vessel, and she has not been reported. The vessel did Hot cairy wireless Tho Jannn is a steel barque of 1012 tons, built at Poi t Glasgow in 1S96, by a Rodger and Co The veibsei is Norwegian owned, aud under the commenta of Captain Lund she Is manned mostly with p Noiwcslau crew.  LONDON TO SYDNEY. IN PQUR- AND - A : HAXT DAYS, BY .E>R|s';MAIL AEROPLANE. : : . - LONDON, Tuosday. , Tho "ibuly. .3xp;res8,,. says, tho schemo;i8 i.wcll . advanced .for; tlio .sur- vico of express majl-nnrnplnncs whicli, by flying , night anil .day, .would reach Auatrnl'm in four and a half days. Ra- iny a: Would'.be : obviated bjr'/noroplrtnb uiorcly- uhqngiug ongiuos en -route."  ACROSS THE PACIFIC. from san francisco to sydney FIVE - DAYS' FLIGHT PROJECTED. (United Service.) LONDON, "Wednesday. ' An attempt will shortly be made to fly across from Sail Franei3iid to Sydney by Aviator Major Morgan (-R..A.F.), accom panied by Captain Haislam Latoaufc, and also a wireless operator, not yet appointed. Morgan accompanied Raynham in his Martinsyde on the attempted Atlantic flii'ht in April, 1919. The date of departure is not yet fixed, but plans are n:-arly completed. The route -will be' via Honolulu, Samoa, and Fiji. Morgan hopes to leave San Fran cisco by the first week in October. "He expected to Mart ou Monday 'at 7 in the eveniug. and arrive in Sydney at 2 o.' clock in the afteruopn of the following Saturday. Provisional arrangements have been made regarding supplies of petrol, etc., at landing stages. Mechanics will -be waiting at Honolulu and Sanvoa.  AERIAL SCHEME. SYDNEY TO LONDON. IN TWELVE DAYS. BEITAIN CO-OPEEATJNGr. One of the large British war airships will probably visit Australia next year, and by 1025 it J» expected to have a weekly airship service from Sydney to London, the journey occupying about 12 days. This statement was made to a "Herald" re- porter by Sir Keith Smith last evoning Sir Keith said that according to the cable advices ho had received from London the British and Indian Governments had agreed to support the scheme being organised by private capi- talists and companies in England, and all that now remained to ensure that Australia would bo Included in the aeilal services wa. the support of the roderai Government "I have," said Sir Keith Smith, "placed all the facts at my disposal before tho Prime Minister, who is keenly interested in the lat- est proposal for an Imperial air service " According to information supplied by Sir Keith Smith a private company, on which thero will bo representatives of the partici- pating Goveinments, is being formed with a capital of £4,000,000, of which £1,000,000 is to be in ordinary shares, on which a dividend free of income tax nt tho rato of 6 per cent per onnum is to bo guaiantccd foi 10 years The remaining £1000 000 is to be in doben tJies on which Interest at the rate of 4J PT cent per annum is to he guaranteed until redemption The Governments participating are not to be asked for any capital subsidy other than an annual contribution to pay the guaranteed interest on tho ordinary shares and deben- tures for 10 jearB The amounts have been fixed at £91,000 per annum for the British Government ami £40 000 per annum each from the Indian and Australian Governments Sir Keith Smith sa}s that his cable advices show that the British and Indian Governments have approved of these financial proposals, the first contribution to be in respect of 1921 In addition tho British Government is plac- ing unreservedly at the disposal of the com 1 .ny all the airships and airship material ami bases now under Government control and will also supply free of cost wireless telegraphy and meteorological services. "The present nirsblpa are " said Sir Keith, "to bo used for the purposes of experiment over the proposed London and Sydney route, which it is expected will include the following bases - London, Cairo, Delhi or Calcutta, Rangoon Singa- pore, Java, Darwin and Sydney This will bo practically an All-Red Route, but there will probably be extensions to Hongkong nd Japan I am returning to London via China and Japan, and will discuss the matter with tho authorities in these countries I have been assured that the Netherlands Govern- ment will give every possible facility in Java, and It iB expected that Japan will also take a practical interest in the schemo for a branch Bervice from Singapore, via Hongkong to Tokio "Early next year one of the largo British airships will, it is expected, bo used by a trained staff for an investigation of the route to India and Austra'la for the purpose of testing the effects of the tropical heat and air currents on the gas in the airship, and f jr collecting other data The present i ro posals comprise a bi-weekly service to India and a weekly service to Australia Tho In- dian service, it is expected, will bo started in 1924 and the Australian services tho fol- lowing year, assuming that the Federal Go- vernment agrees to participate "  ?MM; mimi. 'PRACTICABILITY OF LONDON SYDNEY ROUTE. FEW DAYS TRIP. SCHEME THAT WOULD COST £200,000 A YEAR, Mr. G. Holt Thomàs in the follow'-5 iv.s article shows that an aeroplane service from London to Sydney is practicable and discusses the condi- tions. ' - Let us assume, with the experience of the London-Paris route, writes Mr. Thomas in the London ."Times," that it, is possible to repeat this stage, of about 250 miles, 40 times over, which - will take us, say, to Australia, a dist- ance. of. 10,000 miles. The difficulty, will certainly not be greater than be tween.''Loudon' and - Paris, owing " to the vagaries of our climate. The cost of running an aeroplane, owing, to improvement in engines, improvement in design, and especially perhaps the devotion of design to the commercial rather than the warlike aspect, is being daily reduced. For easy calculation let us make' the cost '4s per ton-mile. Assuming Australia to be 10,000 miles from this country, with, this cost in our minds (although I may say that an eminently practical authority has said this should be 2/6, which makes an enormous difference) we câii now regard the practicability of an Imperial air mail. It must not he assumed that an air mail traversing the Empire is simply 'going to be a direct conveyance- be- tween London, and Sydney, any more than :.. railway line to-day gpes direct from London to Glasgow. Both meth- ods ? of transport traverse populated areas and pass through many towns.-' An air mail, for instance) to Sydney, would start on its journey by convey- ing a' large amount to Paria, centres in France, Italy, &c. Sir Ross- Smith, who safely arrived in Australia, with the most meagre organisation, has -already blazed the trail, passing through France, Italy.-Cairo, Damas- cus, Karachi, Delhi, Calcutta, Ran- goon, Singapore, and-so on, to Aus- tralia. The air mail to Australia would naturally bc dropping mail bags, all along its.route, to'be conveyed by other triode's of transport, or perhaps even by Abort subsidary air lines, to all . centres of population along thc route. .. One must assume on such a great air route as I have outlined,the sav- ing'of days in thc mails to such' places ott ' thc ? route. as Bombay, Ceylon, Hotis-Kong, ' and the hundreus -of business «entres with which we, as iintisii, have large interests, and which from the "aeroplane" point of view must, almost be called "adja- cent"; fd tlië . route. At 100 miles an hour, which we know is possible.of accomplishment, an air mail leaving LcndOn at 8 a.m. on Monday would arrive tn Paris at 10.20 a.m. Mon- day.. Cairo / a.m. Tuesday, Calcutta 6.45 p.m. Wednesday, and . Sydney i'2.45 p.m. on Saturday. At the same/ rate a diversion from- Cairo to Cape Town woulds enable mail nags which left London :>.t 8 a.m.' on Monday to be delivered in Cape Town at 5 a.m. on Thursday, Mo one, I think, could possibly decry the enormous advantages to British trade.and to the British Empire if such a scheine were possible. I can only say that such a scheme, on all the evidence which one can procure from pilots who have flown all over the world, is perfectly possible to-day. COST OF RUNNING. Going back ta our previous high estimate of 4s. a ton-mile, we arrive at the fact that 10,000 miles cos» ¿2, 000, and at the amazing fact that an aeroplane running once a week each way throughout this gaeat route would only cost ¿4,000 per week, or ¿200,000 per year, the same amount which thc Treasury had already al- loted ' to the cross-Channel air ser- vices. On . these figures a, pound (weight) would cost to traverse the whole route the som of £1/2/6, qt at tue fpst Office average of 35 letters to the lb., the small sum of 8d per letter,' such letter containing auto- graphed and authentic '.communica- tions, and thousands of words, where- as the cost is only à fraction of that charged for one word in a cable. This, however, is , for the extreme limit of the route, and, taking India as half-way, the prices 'would only be half this amount-viz., 4d. per let- ter. ? . [Mr. Holt Thomas in a later com- munication'quotes the authority of Sir Henry White Smith for the cal- culation that the estimated cost of running may safely be reduced to 3s ld per ton mile". "Taking the* figure roughly as 3s. a mile, there is a 25 per cent reduction in all the calcula- tions-that is to say, the annual cost of a weekly mail each way to Austra- lia is reduced to ¿150,000 per annum, the cost of a letter to Australia to 6d. and a letter to India to 3d."] ¿200,000 A YEAR. My object ia writing this article is not ia .any way to assert that ' thc Íimposition is perfectly easy, perfect y simple, and should be carried out at once. I appreciate all thc difficul- ties," but the object I have in View is to make a case for the' most serious consideration by this country and 'all the oversea Dominions us to whether an Imperial air mail is not a sub- ject which may be (as in my opinion it should be) one of the most pres- sing questions for decision. I feel that to bring India, Australia, &c., Within a tew days of London must be of vital importance to the Empire as a whole,, and even in these days of urgent eco- nomy and the necessity for cutting off 'every expense. I feel that even if the business men in the various parts of thc Empire traversed the sum of £200,000 a.year would be well expend- ed in such an organisation..As a mat- ter bf fact it is a certainty that the oversea Dominions would make large7' contributions to costs, and with the enormous sum already devoted to thc -cross-Channel services by the Trea-» sury-namely, ¿200,000 a year-noth- ing further would be necessary.^ The capital, even in these strenuous times, would he forthcoming at once for an Imperial ideal, as readily, indeed-even more "readily, if that were possible, than thc capital of one million so generously and practically provided hy eminent financiers of the City of London for a national corporation to run and keep going thc cross Channel air express.  SYDNEY TO LONDON BY AIRSHIR WEEKLY SERVICE; TWELVE DAYS ON VOYAGE What This Will Mean in the Development of Australia BY SIR KEITH SMITH, K.6.E, '(Specially Written fop the Sunday Tl mes.) ? 'Sir'Ketth Smith, K.B.E., who, with his late brother, Sir- Rosa .Smith, : accomplished the. first magnificent flight by aeroplane from ?' Britain -to Australia, Is now associating himself with the great pro , Ject. of establshlng a regular airship route between Sidney and .London. ; v (n the first;. Instance, It Is thought practicable to make the 12,000 'miles , of voyage in 12 days. It Is within the bounds of probability * that tA/l+hln mm ttniA +h* +lm« rtf +hn Lnnrinn.SvririAV tnttpn^u ? will he reduced to elght:days. The article which follows was forwarded by Sir Keith Smith after beginning his voyage to Asia, which he Is visiting en route to London. S.S. ST. ALBANS, Sept 16.— A week, or two ago at lunch I promised Oscar. Asche that one of these days we would pick up him and his company, camels and all, and carry them to London in eight days. It wasn't just a joke, and it wasn't just a boast To go from London to Sydney in eight days of straight running is really a practical job, though it might not be managed at once. Twelve days is the time mapped out for the voyage in the. scheme which is now in formation. My present work is to go to China and Japan on the way back to Londrn, ind see whether those countries would be interested in branch lin-o - '. tended from the route between Britain and India, or taking off from the com plete 'main road' between Britain and Australia, which will certainly have a station at Singapore. It would be the easiest thing in the world to have an offshoot in the airship ,ervice, going from Singapore to Hong .ong and thence to Tokio, or else follow .ng a land route through the northern ^art of China. The distances offer no ifficulties. A splendid tiling would be to get every body in Australia thinking about this ..chemc, and putting the weight of their upport behind it. With proper help and enthusiasm, nothing in the way of airship traffic is impossible. The war, .Wicn all nations were pushed by the ne cessity of saving their existence, showed hat aviation could advance in three years is far as it might have moved in fifty /ears of ordinary development. If we mid be as active in peace as we were in war, tiie cross-the-world route would immediately be a fact. This would be a magnificent benefit to Australia. The only thing wrong with our country is that we are such a long way off from the big life of Europe. Con sequently we lose touch; our development is slower; people in other countries don't hear enough about us; and our popula tion doesn't grow as it should. As things are, men and women cannot visit Europe from Australia, and can not visit Australia from Europe, unless i ! they have nearly six months of leisure OI holiday. Not one person in five thou* sand ever gets that much spare time fronj the ordinary business of life. But nearly everybody, at some time or other, has from six weeks to two months of spare time. The new form of travelling will mak« it possible for any Australian, who haJ saved up a lump of holiday money,, to go to Europe at least once in his life* time. I need not remind any business houset how much oftener they could 6end theil department managers abroad, if they had to spare them only for seven or eight weeks, instead of'four or five months. If would all bo for the good of Australians and. all would help the development ol Australia and of Australian commerce. We feel positive that the airship routS between Britain and India will be estab* lished within eighteen months or two years. That being so, it would be a -alamity to Australia if we stayed outsider and were content to be regarded as still 'out of the world.' A very quick and easy extension from from India would be carried out to Aus. tralia via Rangoon (in Burmah), Singa pore (on the Malay Peninsula), Java, and Darwin, with a. final overland staga from Darwin to Sydney. If aeroplanes could do it with a practically unmapped route, and no establishment of stations, etc., it is plainly a simple enough mat' ter for a fully organised air service. Nobody can feel any doubt that if Aus* tralia were included in a great scheme of world-travel of this kind, there -would spring up at once the necessary subsidiary air services within Australia itself. From Sydney to Perth, at present, is a matter of eight to ten days' journey. It could easily be made two or three days; and then a single week would suffice for ait important business visit from east to west of tho Australian continent. Bris bane and Perth can be made practically almost as close to each other as Sydney and Melbourne are at present. The Dutch Government is very in terested in the proposal that Java shall be a station between India and Australia, (CONTINUED ON PAGE Si, , SYDNEY TO LONDON BY AIR (CONTINUED FROJJ PAGE 1.) and has promised every facility and sup port. It will, of course, be a great thing for Java to be placed right on the track of a great v/orld-route of the newest kind. Help is almost certain to come from Japan, where I have to ask the authori ties to link up with the main route at S^igapore. Australians can help the whole scheme by showing a favorable opinion to it, and so securing the support of the Common wealth Government. Mr. Hughes has shown himself much interested, and his hands could be strengthened. It would be fine if Australian newspapers, public bodies, political organisations, Chambers of Commerce and Manufactures, and so on, would put their minds into schemcs of this kind and have them turned into facts. Anyway, I believe that in 1923 or 1924 at latest, a big British airship will be found landing in Australia, to prove finally that the air-route onljNsneeds try ing to be proved possible. The business and financial arrange ment of the undertaking is not my pidgin. I know more about the flying side of it, and happen to have covered the air route with my brother in our flight. The business side, however, was explained by me before I left Sydney. I hope your paper will join with the' rest of the Australian Press in giving, a lift to this kind of enterprise. It will mean tremendous good to Australia if we can be brought three times nearer to London than we are now. [It was explained by Sir Keith Smith, while he was in Sydney, that a big com pany was to be formed, with *£4,000,000 total capita], in which various Govern ments (British, Indian, and Australian) were to be asked to share. The company proposed to guarantee 6 per cent, on £1,000,000 of share capital, and 4£ p.c. on £3,000,000 of debenture capital. I A subsidy of £91,000 a year is asked from the British Government, £40,000 from the Government of India, 'and £40,000 from the Government of- Aus tralia. The British Government is offering air ships and' airship material and bases, with wireless^ and meteorological servieea Ex isting airships are to be available for the experimental voyages, and early in 1923 a British airship is expected to under take the voyage to India, probably con tinuing the journey to Australia. ' A tentative proposal is- that when the route is established ships will travel on a weekly service to and from Australia, and on a bi-weekly scrvice between Britain and India.] -  AIR SERVICE TO LONDON. TWELVE DAYS FROM SYDNEY, One of the. large British war air ships will probably vlsit Australla next year, and by 1921 it is expecte. to have a weekly airship service from Sydney to London the joutne occupy ing about 12 days. This statement was made by Sir Keith Smith during his recent visit to Sydney. Sir Kelth said that accord ing to the cable advices he lhe re ceived from London tile British and Indian Governments had agreed to support the scheme being organiseli by private capitalists and companies in England, and all that now rem~ain ed to ensure that Australia would be included in the aerial atrvdCes was the support of the Fede ral Government (says the "Sydney Morning Itert-rd"). "I hae~ar said Sir Keith Smith, 'placed all the facts at my disposal before the Prime Minister, who is keenly (sterested in the latest prose sal for an Impcrlal air servict.. A PRIVATE COMPANY, According to information eupplied by Sir Keith ,Smlth a private com pany, on which there will be represerl tatives of the paticipattng Govern. ente, is being formed with a copS tal of £4,000,000, of which £1,000,000 is to be in ordinary shares, on which dividend free of income tax at tho rate of 6 per cent. per -nnum is to be guaranteed for 10 years. The re naining £3,000,000 is to be in deben turea on which interest at the rato of di per cent. per annum is to be pGUa anteed until redemptlion. The Governmcnto participating are not to ha asked for any capital sub sidy other than as annual contribu tion to pay the guaranteed interest o. the ordinary shares and debentures for 10 years. The amotnts ha\ve been fixed al £91,000 per annlm for the British Governa?ent anld £.40,000 per annum each flnom tile Indian ad Aus tralian Governments. Sir Keith Smith ears that his cable advices show tthat the B3rlish and Indian Governmente hlave aupproved of those financial pro Iose.ls, the first contribution to be 11. Icespct of 1921. IORITISH CO-OPERATION. In addition, the British Government is plarimtg unreservedly at the dispotal of tbe company nIl the airships nnd airslhip material and bases now under Goverlmlent control, and naill also supply free of cost wireless telegraphy and meteorological services. "The pro senat alrshblpe are," said Sir Keith, "':to be used for the purposoes of experiment over £he proposed London and Sydney route, whlch it is expected will include the following bases:--London, Cairo, Delhi or Calcutta, Rangoon. Singapore, Jaoa. l':win, and Sydney. This will be practically n All-Red Route, hbut there wil probabyl bIe extension,. IHongkong and Jalpan. 1 am returni." to London via China tnd Japan, and. w'lll discuss the matter wvitlh the uII thorlties in these countries. I have been assured that the Nethlerlandi' Government will give every possible facilit, int J:a?, andl it Is exp?c0tej that Japan will also take a practical interest Il1 the scheme for a branch service Ifrom Singalpore, vial. Hong2 Ikollg to Toklio. "'Early next yxcr one of the large hriLish airships will, it is expectrd, be need by a trained stlff for aon inves tigatixn of txhe roulc to Ilnod and Astratia, for the itlxrpose of tscting the efforts of the tropi.'tl beat and air currents on the gons in the airshin, ahd for pollecting other data. Ttle preesnt proposatl coln),rie n bl weekly servies to Indin, and a weekly servire to Australia. The In dian ,ervice, ii is expected, will be started in 1924, and the Australian services the following year.ansuming that the 'ederal (Golernment agree: to papticipate."  Second Editioii l Airship Service Sydney to London Twelve Days- Journey ... SYDNEY, September 9. - Sir Iveitlh. Smith stated yesterday that one of tlie large British war hir- slilps .- would -probably - visit Australia next. year. It was expected by 1925 to have' a. weekly .airship service from Sydney to Loudon, the journey occupy ing about .12- days:  I1 Four-and-a-Half Daigs. LONDON TO SYDNEY, The." Daily :Express," London, says thel scheme, is well advanced for the service of express maild aero& planes, which, flying night and day, will reach Australia in 44 days. Delays will be obviated by the aeroplanes merely changing engines en route. 