 AIR TRAVEL - - Nine Days to Sydney pyramids thrown in (AustrallaJ Press Association Cable.) LONDON. May 18. ' Imperial Airways. Ltd., has issued a complete time- table for round- the-world flights, planning cross-At- lantic trips in airships. The liners will be built by the Zeppelin Company- Passengers. for Australia will fly by aeroplane to Cairo, via Paris and Con stantinople, completing the journey from Cairo by airship, arriving in Aus-. tralia oh the ninth day from Lon don. The airships will return via San Francisco and New York.- the latter being reached on the fifteenth day from London.  LONDON TO SIDNEY IN 1AEN DAI& AUCKLAND. Sir Keith Smith states' that plane are now being prepared t0 pave the j way for the inauguration within three ' years of an airship service between' London and Sydney, with a possible extension to New Zealand. Sir Keith Smith is a passenger by the Niagara! on his way to Australia to take the j matter' up with the Government and, other interests. He is accompanied j by Mr. A. H. Aslibolt (formerly Agent-General for Tasmania), who was instrumental in starting the movement for an air service to A us- 1 tr'alia. Discussing the schedule of fares for the prospective itinerary, Mr. I Ashbolt said that fares would be bas-1 cd on the present P. and 0. scale. I On this basis first-class air fares from London to Australia would not exceed £120 for the single trip. It was proposed that the airships should be capable of carrying 120 passen gers, and 12 tons of luggage and mails, Their cruising range for a non-stop run would be 2500 miles, and their average speed 70 miles au hour. The journey from London to Perth would occupy Si days, and from London to Sydney 10 days. These periods would allow for way side stops. The airships would bo replenished at each station with fuel supplies. The equipment and furnish ings would be on a scale of comfort and attractiveness, with cabins of different sizes, some of two and some for four passengers. There would al-^ so be smoking and dining rooms, a look-out platform, and lay-out on the lines of the Australian Transcontin ental railway cars. The safeguards against lire were to be elaborate. It was propose^ to join a separate com pany for the inauguration of the ■service from India to Perth, or if a station was established at Singapore, to run direct to Sydney,  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 10 DAY». s SIR KEITH SMITH'S TASK. SYDNEY, .Monday. Sir Keith Smith returned by the Niagara on Saturday as general Australian super- visor for Messrs. E. Vickers Ltd., and to initiate an airship servicek between Aus- tralia and Liondon for passengers and mails. The service to India is expected "to be working in two years time and to London in leas than three. Ten days is the esti- mated time of flight from Sydney to Lon- , don. - - '  ALL RED ROUTE LONDON TO SYDNEY P.Y AIR-EXPRESS IV .-»}£ DAYS LONDON, Tuesday Night. Tl.e 'Daily Chronicle' states that following the leltlement of the linet »hich'1ink by link will re »ult in all-red mall 'planei, good, .e.-pl.n,.. .„„ aerial ..s».n. lett travelling regularly from London to Australia. C.iir... V.iu-'.Ti. Kin'hi. Cal.-ufa. j Tli- [V.. ??:??,.!.. .^- ?-?::. i:ir iv m..I-'  BOOKS OF CHUCKLES "COLLEGE DATS," by Stephen Leacock. (Lon don, John Lane; Sydney, Dymock's.) 5/. Professor Leacock has done it again. Although In the latest book tho essays are largely reprints from college mag azines, they show their author to be tho same "follow of infinite -jest" wnom thousands of readers have come to hold in keen regard. A notable point about tho Leacock humor Is that it is rarely cruel. There was, It is true, an oc casion when he jested at the expense of starving Germans, hut that was in the heat of war time. In the present hook he gives some of his views on tho general subject; in "A Sermon on College Humor," he insists that tho best of humor is always kindly; the worst and cheapest is malicious. It may he accepted almost as a matter of course that some of the es says in this book, having to do very largely with Canadian college life, are parochial and thin. This ap plies also to some of the verse, quite a large quantity of which Is included. But there is a considerably broader element that makes tne book worth having. Leacock's "Memories and Miseries of a School-master," for in stance, will probably arouse a sym pathetic thtob.ln thousands of peda gogic breasts, particularly when, he observes that "if every day in the life of a school could be the last day but one, there would he little fault to ' find with it!" "English as She Is taught at College" Is another most enter- . talnlng skit. Gentle fun Is poked at | tho examiners, who ask students to distinguish between "styles" of dif ferent authors, as they would the color I of their whiskers. | "The truth is," adds Leacock, "you I cannot examine in English in this way, ' or only at tho cost of killing the very ! thing that you' wish to create. The ! only .kind of examination in thesub- ' joct I can think of would he to say to tho pupil, for example, 'Have you read tho novels of Charles Dickens, and do - you like them?' and when he answered ; that he didn't care for them, but that Ills uncle read them all the time, to sond a B.A. degree to his uncle." "BRIGHTER INTERVALS," by Gordon Phil lips. (Londou, -Nisbot Slid Co.l 5/0. If any fault is to be found with this book by Mr. Gordon Phillips, well known as a humorous writer for the Manchester "Guardian," Lon- , don "Punch," and London "Opinion," it is that which uffect3 Profes sor Leacock — the fact that some of tho essays are adapted merely for "home consumption," and have only slight appeal to Australians. But here, again, there is also wit that ranges widely. The preface, to be gin with, looks over-long, but it is clever and entertaining. So, too. with most of the prose skits and the fre quent verse. Life in England, if Mr. Phillips is to be believed, is just one cold after another. And everything is known about colds — except how to avoid them. There are, it seems, several wcll-recognlscd ways of catching colds. "Tho good, old-fashioned way is oy sitting in a draught. A later method is by not sitting in a draught — accor-, icing to this school of observers, the shortest cut to a perfect peach of a cold is to shut tho window and get closo to the fire. Intending connois seurs can select either method with a calm mind. . . . This discovery has led yet another school of enthusiasts to announce that 'fresh air,' too much or too little, has nothing to do with tho matter. It is all a case of mi crobes. The ideal remedy is, of course, obvious. All air should he boiled . before breathing. 'Another way,' as the cookery book puts it, is to stop breathing altogether.': .  BIG AIR SCHEME Z.ONDON TO SYDNEY IN -5J DAYS. London, Wednesday.—The "Daily Chronicle" says that, following the set tlement of the airmen's strike, a new company is being organised, for the ex- tension of air lines, which, link by link, will result in All Red mail. 'planes, goods 'planes, and serial waggonlits travelling regularly from London to Australia. ...... ..-?'' '???'? Giant aeroplanes are being built ? of motal throughout,' with all thei latent, weight-saving devices. Meanwhile, an expert survey of an airway to Sydney is being made. It will bo composed ofl 11 stations, aa follow:—Malta, Cairo, '.Bagdad,, Karachi, Calcutta, Rangoon, Singapore, North Borneo, Now Guinea, Darwin, and- Sydney. ? - : It is estimated that an express ser vice covering 13,000 miles will occupy 131J hours. -...... ' ? . Plans include re-fuelling in mid-air by means of winged tankers,- rising from stations.  TO LONDON IN TEN DAYS ' - . / GREAT AIRSHIP SERVICE SCHEME SIR KEITH SMITH ENTHUSIASTIC NEGOTIATIONS WITH FEDERAL MINISTRY .V. SYDNEY, Sunday. Tito agreement for an airship service . between 'England and India has >been signed. It is; in the interests of Austra lia that an agreement for a similar ser vice between England and Australia should be concluded. ' This would enable persons to proceed to London in ten days." These remarks were made to-day by Sir Keith Smith, who returned to Aus tralia hy the' Niagara after an ab sence of two years. It will be remembered that Sir Keith Smith, with his brother, the late Sir : Ross Smith, flew from England to. Aus tralia, and It was following on this fe'at &lt; that tho brothers were knighted. Since Sir Keith was last in Australia he lias visited all the great aeroplane works in England,- the Continent, and America. Now he has returned to Australia, tho supervisor for Vickers, Ltd. It is tho intention of Sir Keith Smith to establish ills headquarters in Syd ney. Ho will remain here for about ten days, and will then proceed to, Mel bourne, where he will engage In impor tant interviews with tho Federal Minis try in regard to air schomos. Sir Keith referred to tho agreement for tho estab lishment of an air service betweon Eng land and India. 1 1  AIR WAY TO SYDNEY. GIANT AEROPLANES. By Express in 54 Days. 1,0X1 ION", Ma j Hie Jliiil) Chuma le states tint, lol loiiing a settlement of the uirmen s sinke, Hie non State subsidised i ompanv is organ ismg «tensions of an lines, «Inch link b) bul», mil lcsiilt in nn ?aired' mail phil«, 'i,ootls phncs, ' and "ncn I u luroiiht« trivclbng icgularl) from lindon lo Viistialii (nant acroplami mo bung built of metal throughout, nith ill the latest weight suv ing 4ev lees Moinnhih nu ixnut sunei ol the an Min to Sidiui is- being made states the ' Duilv (Inonicle It is composed of 11 stations-.Malta, (ano, ilagdud. Kurnell!, ( uleiitta, Kangnon, Sitigupiii) North lioinco, IScn (.tunca, Poit I) u ii in, und Sivdiie) It is ostini itod Hi it the enpioss sei I ice of 11000 mill s Mill otcupi Uli hours r> diijs II] hours 'Ihe plan» include refuelling in mid nu In iniuns of ninged tankers' rising fiom stulions Commander Burney's Airships Hie Vustriiliiiu Tiens Assoualion is re Imbi) lnfoimed thnt the (abinet comniit tee on auKIIIIIS nppioies of then construe lion, and Mill prohibí) recomnund the Cabinet to beni all expenses lor the e« tibliHlimeiit of a pi in our tin oxpcii mental pt nod ol tno vcirs- Aftemnds tho (ahmet ma) place at the disposal of pnv ile i imp.mrs Hu ulioli data relating to the lcsults minnel I| i* pnmird nut that Hie fate of the Hornet sdieim is still in the h llamo, bul tint it is not munno nbh that a majontj of members ot the House of Commons, in view of the fact that four mmmittccH hive so far mourrd it, nu! support nie adoption ot Hie Uuniev prop is ii«  IN TEN DAYS London to Sydney SINGLE FARE £120 AUCKLAND. Tuesday. Sir Keith Smith, tho fatnou nvla- tor, and Mr. A. H. Ashbolt, retir- ing Agent-General for Tasmania, are. on their way to Sydney with plans for inaugurating, within threo years, an airship scrvico between London and Sydney. They arrived by the Niagara from Vancouver on their way to take up the proposition with the Government, and other inU ista In New Zealand and Australia. Mr. Ashboit has Just completed o Ave ycaia' term as Agcnt-G«neral for Tasmania, und white h was in Lon | don ho was instrumental In starting Iho movement fur un airship service to Australia. On their arrival at Auckland he and Sir Keith Smith codlly explained ihe ate, is so far tuken to launch tho project. Details of the schemo have been o fnr advanced that Mr. Ashbolt was In a poHitlon to disc the sched ule of ares, and the prospective Itin erary of tho service. Fares have been bused on t e present scale for voyages by tho I, and O. Une of steamers. On this basts tho first-class fare for tho piopo.k.d air-ship scrvico will not exceed £120 for the slnglo trip from London to Australia. LINKIlS OF TILE AIIl Tho airships will bo veritable liner of the air. An idva of their size may »>o formed from details of accommo dation. I'rovinlon will bo nindo for carry ing 120 puKscngurcH, anil 13 tons of luggHgo und iiiuii matter. Their cruis. tug iangi> on a non-stop run will Ire 25u0 miles, at an uvcrago speed of 70 miles an hour. Thus, a ship will bo able to do the Journey front Lon don to Berth, West AunlrnUa, In eight days, and from London to Sydney In 10 days. TIicmj periods allow for wayside stop at different stations along the route, thus enabling passengers to have a look at foreign scenes In a nu.nri'T similar to thai enjoyed und' r I thf pr::.cnL system of ocean naviga- I tiou. PROVISION FOR OVERHAUL At each station the airships will be replenished with fuel and other sup- phc.t. und nttcntlon given to their nif- rhnnism. Ample provision la boing made at these depots for such vvoik and overhauling ns may be required. The equipment and general furnish- ings of ihe aerial cruisers will ho on a scale of comfort and attractiveness. The mlt-rior will be tilted with cabins of different dimensions, one scries glv. ing accommodation for two pnsscn- In each cabin, and four pusscn. gci's in larger cabins.  AIR SERVICE 9 London to Sydney FIVE AND A HALF DAYS WINGED TANKERS (Australian Tress Association Cable.) LONDON, May 7. The "Daily Chronicle" says that, following the settlement of the air men's strike, a new company is being organised; for the extension of air lines, which, link by link, will result in All Red mail 'planes, good3 'planes, and serial waggonlits travel ling regularly from London to Aus tralia. Giant aeroplanes are being built, of metal throughout, with all the latest weight-saving devices. Meanwhile, an expert survey of an airway to Syd ney is being made. It will be composed of 11 stations, as follow: — Malta, Cairo. Bagdad, Karachi, Calcutta, Rangoon, Singa pore, North Borneo, New Guinea, Dar win, and Sydney. It is estimated that an express ser vice covering 13.000 miles will occupy 1311 hours. Plans include re-fuelling in mid-alr by means of winged tankers, rising from stations. THE BURNEY SCHEME. The Australian Press Association is reliably informed that the Cabinet Committee on Airships approves of a construction scheme, and will probably recommend the Government to bear all llie expenses of establishing a scheme over an experimental period of two years, and that thereafter it is likely to place at the disposal of private, companies the whole of the data relat ing to the results achieved. It is pointed out that the fate of the Bur- ney scheme is still in the balance, and it is not improbable that a majority in the House of Commons, in view of the fact that four committees formerly favored it, will support the adoption of Commander Btirney's proposals.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TEN DAYS. This photograph is of the newest Am erican air-liner, the Z.R.3, recently com pleted in Germany for the United States ! Navy. It will be used as a passenger liner, and has luxuriously-fitted cabins. A tact which makes it particularly in teresting to Australia is that it is similar in all respects, with the exception ,of size, to the ships that will be used in connection with the England-Australia airship service at present being investi gated and organised by Sir Keith Smith, K.B.E. These Australian ships will be twice the size of the American giant. They will have a speed of between 70 and 75 miles an hour, and carry up to 120 passengers. They will be equipped, says Sir Keith Smith, with bathrooms, sleeping and dining accommodation, small, closcd-in promenade space and lounge. They will have all the facili ties of an ocean liner. The starting point for the service, which, it is anti cipated, will be commenced in two years, will bo Sydney or Melbourne, perhaps Canberra. The first stop will be Port Darwin, then Singapore, Calcutta, Ka rachi, Bagdad, Cairo and London By means of wireless the navigators will be able to co-operate with meteorological stations and thus avoid: storms and bad weather by working around them. This will be accomplished without any loss of time. Air-sickness will be nonexis tent. Even on a 'bumpy' day, air pockcts have'no effect on a ship so large and long. .  HUMAN STORIES "BnAMATIC DAYS AT TIIE OLD BAILEY," by OhfirlcK, KtnRlon. (London, Stnnley FttUl; Sydney, Angus nnd Kdbertson). 12/0 The industry of Mr. Kinsston, who now has several hooks to his credit, here finds ample scope, for surely the Old Bailey offers a wealth of material to a writer whose chief fancy is iot Mocieiy KiueijKnis ami reminiscences or I more or less famous trials. As to thd | value of this work, there will he divided opinions. Certainly, however, Mr. Kingston has a distinct Hair for thd hunian side of these events, and no one will deny his powers as a story teller. Tliis book is packed with good tales. ' There was an occasion -whbn a bar rister was pleading for leniency to his client on the ground that the man was an orphan. "Excuse me. Mr. Blank," said the judge, "hut I fail to see what tile fact of your client being an orphan has to do with the case. He has ob viously arrived at that timo of life when the loss of one's parents is natural nnd only to be expected. Why, I cannot ho older than the accused, and I um an orphan, too." "Quite so, my lord," said counsel, In his suavost manner, "and X trust that should your lordship ever have the misfortune to lie brought hetorCa jury of your fel low-countrymen that fact will bo taken into consideration." But . his lordship had the last word, and the "orphan" in the dock received seven years' penal servitude. Incidentally, it Mr- King ston does not chronicle a judge in the dock, he comes near to it by telling of nn ex-governor of a prison who got six months for burglary. An interest ing literary reminiscence in the book relates to Sir W. S. Gilbert, who, it is said, had himself technically listed US one of the counsel for the defence in a murder trial in order to escape jtiry service, A short time previously the famous playwright had been called on some trifling cases when he was in the throes of a new comedy.  POLAR AIR ROUTE London to Tokio, 4| Days. SYDNEY, Wednesday. . Dr. Stcfaneson, the Canadian arctic ex plorer, who was to-day the guest 'of the 'English-speaking Union, reiterated the pre diction that with 10 years of pormal peace development airships would be flying from London to Tokio by the northern route. To illustrate that task was not as diffi cult as it might seem. The speaker pro duced o map of the polar region, men tioning incidentally that no effective maps of the region had been produced in Eng land or America for 7a years, through the a6sump.tion that the. area was not navi gable. What was known as the Polar Sea (or, more accurately, that part of it that was not navigable) was a strip not wider than the Mediterranean, which sepa rated Europe from Africa. Actually, he said, it was only a gulf equivalent to that which separated North from South Ame rica. The extraordinary fact that the breaching of the 'northern route would have on international relations was em phasized .by Dr.'Stefansson, who eaid it opened up a new vista for the closer rela tionship of the peoples of the world. The route of the airships travelling from London to Tokio would be northward over Edinburgh, along the west coast of Nor way and - over the Island of . Nova Zambia, where the route would turn south across Siberia to Japan. The distance was only 4,500 miles, and could be covered «i41daEB.' - 'This' will be your tuppence, sir;' said the haughty waitress. 'We're not allowed to take tips here.' The customer frowned. 'I am aware of the fact,' he said, and I thought you would be glad I had broken the rule in your interest.' 'Not with tuppence!' replied the girl. '/Breakm a rule with tuppence is only addm insult to injury.'  :: FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON BY AIR IN TEN DAYS :: TRAVEL BY AIR ? ? ? ? HOW GREAT SERVICE WILL BE MANAGED NOTABLE FACTS STATED BY . ' SIR KEITH SMITH MINIMISING FEAR AND DANGER The accompanying pictures, supplied to the Sunday Times by ? Sir Keith Smith, are particularly interesting in view of the proposal ' to link Australia with England, in accordance with the extension scheme of the England to India passenger airship service. Sir Keith Smith, who, with his brother, Sir Ross Smith, made the first immortal flight from England to Australia in the Vickers Vimy machine, is in Australia as general Australasian supervisor for Vickers, Ltd., but one of the most important problems he will investigate is that of the gigantic England to Australia service. The England to India service should be in working order in less than two yecrs. There will be only one stop en route — Cairo — and that portion of the journey will occupy no more than SO hours. Thence the ships will travel direct to Karachi. Already two ships for sen Ice are under construction — one by the British Government and the other by the Vickers group company. Sir Keith Smith said: 'The mast to which the R33 is moored is not of the. exact type to be used for the passenger ships. The new type will be approxi mately 170ft high, having two internal passenger lifts, together with fuel, gas and water connections. They will be 695ft long, 136ft high, and 138ft wide. [ There will be 11 entirely separate bags, and the total gas capacity will be 5,000,000 cubic feet. That is. 2.08 times the capacity of the Shenandoah, at pre sent the largest airship in the world. The power units consist of seven engines each developing 550 h.p., and it is, per haps, with regard to these engines that our greatest advance since the war has been made. SAFETY OF LIQUID FUEL. ! 'For, instead of burning about ? 51b i-o£ highly volatile and inflammable ! petrol per horse-power, these engines work on a mixture of kerosene and hydrogen, using but ,331b of the former and .02 of the latter per h.p., an achieve ment of the, first magnitude. For the liquid fuel is no longer a constant source of potential danger, while by the ad mixture of hydrogen with it, a double advantage is gained, the maximum range of the shiD is increased and its naviga tion simplified. For, while hitherto, during flight an airship has increased in buoyancy by an amount equal to the Wright of petrol consumed, ultimately necessitating the valving and consequent waste of hydrogen, -with the new engine —by the nice balancing of the ratio of gaseous to liquid fuel — the ship remains almost in equilibrium. , 'Briefly,' Sir Keith added, 'our engine research' has had a fourfold result. It has eliminated the necessity for using petrol, a very volatile, inflammable spilit, which has been the cause of all airship fires that have occurred; it has turned to account the hydrogen which was formerly wasted; it has reduced the cost of power production, and it has simpli fied general airship navigation. GAS-TIGHT SKIN. 'Here again a vcry; great advance has 'ten made, for while all rigid airships Used in the war - obtained their gas retaining property from the use of a fabric covered with goldbeater's skins (an internal skin of the ox, about 10 to 20 inches in size) — which skins had to be individually attached to the fabric to the number, even in such relatively small airships as R33 — of several mil lions, now, as a result of our researches, a synthetic gas-tight skin can be mechanically attached to the fabric, thus eliminating the former laborious and costly method. Sir Keith Smith stated that a com pany ?will be formed for the purpose of exploiting the second part of the great venture — from India to Australia. If it should be decided to select a station at Singapore, the flight from India to Australia will be east by south to Syd ney. Monitors will probably be sta tioned at various parts of the journey to act as depots with gas plants and workshops on board. In the event of war these could be also utilised for auxiliary defence because each would be equipped with guns and have a great speed capacity. MOORING MASTS. Explaining the nature of the mooring masts the distinguished aviator said the lifts on the interiors open on to gang ways from which the passengers step into the gondolas. For six months, he said, the R33 was moored to a mast at Fulham in Norfolk, the airship base of England, and in that time she experi enced all sorts of weather. But at the end of the period she showed no signs of wear and tear, and once she outrode a 60 miles gale. The ships are fastened to the masts by means of a rope dropped from the nose down through the mast. 'For the proposed scrvice, 'Sir Keith concluded, ''it will, of course, be neces sary to have the most efficient organi sation and machine and well-paid, and fit men, who thoroughly know their business. I see no reason why the scr vice will not be a magnificent success. A great deal of meteorological and general research work will have to be performed in India, at Singapore and here in Australia, principally between Darwin and Singapore. But I don't think the weather conditions will be so bad as to be insurmountable. Anyhow, an airship will stand all sorts of con ditions. An4 there is, and will always be no need for fear on the part of pas sengers; ? 'HANDS OFF.' It is the cloak of secrecy, the hands off attitude that has always been an in cidental of airships, which is re sponsible for the public fear. Once upon a time people were afraid to travel on ferries, trains, trams and in motor cars. We have smashes every day with each of those means of travel, but the people use them just the same. If the big scheme is found practicable as far as Australia is concerned — and Sir Keith Smith is perfectly confident that It will be — it is hoped that a feeder line will be run from Singapore, assum ing that is a chosen call to Japan and China. . Tuis is, the R33, Britain's greatest airship. Ships to participate in tho gigan 1 tic service from England to India, and later from England to Australia, will ( be of the same type, with the exception that the gondolas will not hang as j they are shown in the picture and the ships , will be higher than they are 5 wide. Here the R33 is moored to a mast at Fulham, England, and in this j position recently came through a 60 miles gale with flying colors.  AIR LINERS London to Sydney TEN DAYS' TRIP Great Interest Is being taken la the proposal to link Australia with the London-to-Bombay airship service. The Commonwealth Government la now con sidering the scheme, and its decision Is unxPously awaltoil. The trip from Australia to London, It Is expeeted, ???111 InL-A *Afi iiauti Tho airships to be used In tho ser vlco will curry about 120 paBsongors at rates equal to that of tho saloon fare on a mall boat. Airships of r.,000,000 r.ublc feet of gas aro now undor construction, and will bo ready for tho air in nbout eighteen months. Tho British Oovornraent has fllgnod a oontract for a aorvlco between Kng land nnd Indln, and tho schemo la now being drawn up aud plans propnred. Tho first airship 1b now undergoing testa lu Kgypt. 