 OUR DESTINY NATION OF AVIATORS CAPT. COBHAM'S PROPHECY Sydney to London in Eight Days SYDNEY, Thursday. 'We have been a nation of sea men. We vriil be a nation of aviators,' ' said Captain Alan Cob ham, speaking at a civic reception tendered him in the Sydney Town Hall to-day. He said there was no reason why travel :betweeri London and Sydney should not be possible in eight days. 1 ' Do not Took upon aviation as a pure ly commercial cntenprise, ' he Kmt. 'It is an instrument of development of Australia and of ithe Empire. This flight of jnBuc is no stunt. To niy mind ttie greatest performance ever put up was by Sir lioss and Sir Keith Smith-' (Cheers). Captain' Cobbam outlined the various flights which ho had undertaken, and said he hoped to see an aeroplane ser vice operating in the near future be tween Oaiilo and Central Africa aud London. Relating the circumstances and pre paration leading to the present fligliJt, he said that at like last moment, when the question of finances was problema tical, Sir Charles Wakefield, who lias been called the guardian angel of aviation, stepped in and told him not to worry about the nnoiwy part of the affaiT, but to go iright ahead. It was the original intention, said Captain Cobbani, that the flight, should be un dertaken Sn an aeroplane. He, htow ovcr, pressed for a seaplane, and al though he had never flown a machine of this type until two days before he began the flight, he was quite convinc ed of their practicability. Concluding, ihe said: 'I h'ope Ito come to Australia again, and if I Should arrive in a year or twlo at Mlatscatj, and there js nobody there Jo meet me, I shall knoW tihat everythfing is all right in aviation, and that Dhe arrival of a plane from England is an every dav occurrcncc.' The Minister for Health, Mr. Cann, proposed tlhc toast of Captain Oob ham's he&ltih, while Sir Keith Smith was also included in the list of speakers. KEEP PACE W.ITH THE TIMES Captain Cobham and Sergeant Ward were entertained by the Commercial Travellers' Association to-day.' Re plying to 'the toastT of his health, Cap tain Cobham said. ' We mufit keep pace with the times, and ono thing 'that is going to enable us to do 'that is the development of aviation.' 'To-morrow,' he added, 'it will be possible -to make aviation as slow as any other form of transport-'  IN FIVE DAYS v Sydney to London AERIAL POSSIBILITIES LONDON, January 28. An article in. the "Outlook," by Com mander Kenworthy, M.P., urges, with out delay, the extension of the Egypt and India air service to Rangoon and Australia. He contends that there are no tech nical difficulties about a weekly both- way service to Australia, and the cost would be less than £300,000 yearly on the basis of 5/ a ton per mile. Sydney, he says, could be brought within five days of London by day and night flying, or within ten days by Jay flying. There is not much future for a pas senger service, he pomts out, but the British, Indian, and Australian Gov ernments, by a commercial service, could save much In cabling costs, with the great advantage of a quicker de spatch of commercial documents. The service could not be "All Red." as the existing European and Asian routes must- be used, and thence over the Dutch East Indies to Darwin.  LETUSFLY AIRSHIP ÜEVELOPMENT SYDNEY TO- LONDON 11 DAYS IIONDON, Feb. 28. The "Daily Express 1 ' says the construetion of a new alisblp H101 will hegin at the endjfgföarah and that it will be enu4oyeä in the India service wliich posElbly will later be extcuded to Auülrälla". 1 ItlOl will be^tlie^iärgest airship yet attempted. Jt will be 7jS0tt. ,' lõng, ]30rt. wide,.and 1701^, hlgh. Wlth | a gas capacit^of 4,000,000 cublc feet j U will have a llftlng power of a« I tons, wliicli will make Jt practIcallyi | twice as large as R33. | Tho börse power is estimated at 5,000 giving an averace speed of 50 Julies an hour, . j j j Acconimodation will' be provirted 125 passengers c^ch of whom wlli allowed 401bs. of- luggage, aud it 'Ift estimated that a voyage trom England to Sydney wilj be made m li days. V; Three fuel stations en routc- will he at Heliopolis. Karachi, and Singapore. » AVhon the service is dellnitely arrai.god, six alršhips will be in aetive coi, mission.  MR TO M E S LONMN TO SYDNEY. Eleven Days' Trip. ?' LONDON, Fob. 23. *'? lho-- 'Daily ? Express'' ? Buys; .lho construction of tlio now airship K101 '*v, 'will begin at tho end of March. It iwillrbq, employed in tho India service, y..which; will .possibly later be extended *'V. tu, AuStralitl. Tlio airship is the liirg ?c.st 'yet attempted, and its building wU 'Occupy two yoars. It will bo 7G0 -feet long,. 130 feet wide, and 170 feet 00() .cubic feet, with a lifting power of 90. tons. It will be practically twico as largo as tho R33. Tho horse-power of its- engines is estimated at 5000. Its average speed will be '50 miles an hour, and it will accommodate 125 pas sengers, bach of whom will'- bo allowed ?10lb of ? luggage. , It' is estimuted that a voyage from England ' to Sydney would oceup 11 days. Tliero wili be three fuel stations ? ea-' route— at tHfeliopoiis (Egypt), Kar achi (India), .and Singapore. When the service is definitely established six shijfe will' bp ill activo commission. Tho Italian airship in which Captain, Ronald Atiiundsen proposes to (ly across tho' North Pole was taken for'.a ; long flight from Romo to Naples and bacb. -An average . speed of ? 58 miles '?ail hour was' maintained?' 'Tr'carried 14 .passengers,- and operations for de parture and landing wero carried out with ease. The airship will shortly leave for .Spitsbergen. : ?  IN FIVE DAYS. -? ? SYDNEY TO LONDON. AIE SERVICE POSSIBILITIES. (Australian Press Association.) LONDON, January 28. In au article tu the ' Outlook " I unit Commundei I M Kenwotthj, MP, urges that there fhould bo no delay in the extension jl the Ijptiau and India air set vice to -«Rangoon and 4ustiati1 He contends that thore aie no technicil difficulties in estublibhmg a weeklj both waj service to Austialn at a coot of less thin £100 000 j eil li on the bisis ot 5/ pet ton mile Sjdncj co i lil bo brought within five davs of London by daj uni night fljmg 01 by ten dija' day living 3hei&lt; w is not much j* i future for i i>ufsuiL,ei hot vice but the Britibh, Indnu md ^usti ilnu Govttn mcnts bv n cominera ii servier- could save much cabling costs, while the feicnt idvantigo of a rtiicl cr despatch of com mcicial documents sei vice could not lie. estimated The e\isting rtiropenn and Asian toutes must be used thence from the Dutch last Indies to Diiivtu  AIR SERVICE ,. ,' ,. E'&ITPT TO AirSTBALIA. ; SYDNEY-LONDON' F1V13 DAYS. ' ? LONDON. Jim 2fl. An article in the 'Oiitlook' hv tommandcr Xomvorthy, M^.l'., urau* without delay tlio cxtonBion of tlio Jigj'pt-India air sorvico to lluniamn ''-' A«8trnlJa. Tho wriloi- nontenils tlmt there tire tic. technical ilil'ficultios in maintaining u .wpclily sorvico both ways to 'Australia. The cost would liii loss than iillop.OOO cm ijm basis of 6/ nor ton mile, nnd S.vdnoy could 1)0 brought within fivo days of Lou tfon l-y day mid night flying or 10 dnys by d«y flying. w more i« not much future for a pasflongor sory-ice,' suys tlio writer, but thc British, Indian, nnd Austra lian Governments, by supporting n commercial service, would Havo much of thoir present cabling costs, while; tlioro would lu- tlio grout advautago of Hiving quicker tlcnpatch to coimnor Oial (loouiiKMittj. Tho service could not ho All Red, lift oxiBtinK Kiirojit'im Asian rputoH must lin iisml, tnivclliiu! thonco by tho Dutch ICast Indies to Port Dnrwin-' . A meRsnRo from Mnd'ricl states Hint Commander Franco, who Ih maUiiiK u fliRht. to Bupiio.n Airos, flow from the ? GnnnricH to Can'n Verdo Islnnds in V 1U .hours. Ho Innvoa Porto Pniya on ' Siiturday (or Fornunclo Noronhn, MIO milos diatnnt. Thin is ilm most diffi cult Btftgo ot tliff journoy.  j BIG IMPERIAL AIR ; SERVICES. * BRITAIN AND"AUSTRALIA. : LONDON TO SYTJNEV JN ll DAYS. Lmtilon, Feb. 28. The '"Daily Express" referring to the construction-of-'Ute hew airship, R 101, which will/begin Ut the cud of March, says that it .is-"libing employed on the India service'. with thc - possibility later of baihjj ext'eiidvd ,to "Aitstralia. . . The airship is. the largest yet attempt- ed. Thc construction will taku two years., She will be ieut long, 130 feel Wide, ? and 170 feet high. Thc gas capacity is four million cubic feet, 'and.li itiiig.power .)0 tons,'She will be. practically twice as large as^' R'\?3. 'Her horsepower js esti nnued'íit SfiiXl.' She Will have an'averagj: speed of fifty niilcs per hour and will ac &lt;-comodato- 125 pn'scugcrs,' each of whom will be allowed vlifty lb.of luggage, '-.-... lt. is estimated that the voyage from , 'England, tu Sydney will take ll"days. i tiree fuel Stations will . be establish- ed along the '"route-Heliopolis, .Karachi ¡md 'Singapore. . , \ !... When the. service is definitely, in op- eration, six'¡'ships will have active eoui 1 mission.-^??V.RiÄ: ; v. . ? .  [?] LONDON TO SYDNEY. Eleven Days' Trip. IONDO\ Jil) --* llio J)ml\ I j.[ lesb u Jlic cnuMiiKlion o| tlie new mi hip 1! 1(11 will I (L.M1 lit thu end ol M mil II will Ik employed in (hi /iidm uviio Hindi Hill po lljly lntci liu i\kiiileil Id An Ii ill i Jhe an Jup i tin Iiiil, '?-'i1 \\r.\i uiiiA'iujn^Ht, .nmi\ us nwiuiiii^ nil uieiii)\ liu s e. lit. Jl «ill Ik 7(11 leit l( iil 1 HI ful \uel( md I/O fed hlUi It ,i, i ipuLtj ^wll Ik ) Olrtl mp (iilin it 1 1 mtli i lillim j)O«fi ( I ('O Uli It «ill be pi letunllj t\U(e i I in o ii tin 1 ij I hi hoi e povui ol its ( n mi i eslnniiti d it jiMK) U iuiui_( ^jiied «ill h il unit, in li'un nnd it will i ((luinorl ilt 1 - pus ( iil,i i uiih of hIi -ih hi'1 b ilk wed UII) ol In f.ue.1 It is i tun iIli! that i \o* i i fiom I HL.1 md lo --\(lii( \ would ok up Jl -l'\ U\(.i amII In Unit hul sliilions in i nle— lit IJMjqoli (I e,\pl; Km in In (Indii) ind *~iiii ip5ic WIkii llu en ii is ikliiliUU i till Ii h(d is hip iwll In in ulno c oriiini ion Hi llnli in unship in ninth C ipl un I Ulllllll VlllllllllHEll JllOpo-llh til ilV n in ?- the V l Ih I o o \wis 1 il en 'loi n I«n fh-,lil fiom Irnio to S iplt ?) mid Ii ui Vn fi«i i n/i s]Kcd -i -3 mill in nuur wiik iniiiiiiiiinea. .it carricu 11 i) is^c.iiui.1 uud (.lei ition foi de pin I mo uuil ImidliiL, nut euiiied out Mitli u e Hie in hip Hill slioith li^ne loi Si-it/bti(,on  NEW AIRSHIP. LONDON- TO SYDNEY IN 11 DAYS' r - „ London,-. /February. 28'.; -'"' The 'Daily Express,' referring 'to the construction.: of -the new airship, R.101, which: will begin at the end of I Match, says- it .will be employed', in I the India service, and possibly later extend to , xVustialm. . The airship Will bo. the largest . yet attempted. | "he consti notion will take two years The airship will be 7G0£t long-, 130 feet wide, and 170ft high The gas capacity will be 4;000,000 'cubic feet, ! and the, lifting power / 90 tons ': It will ' be piactrcally twice as large -as- the ' 1133 The horsepowei, which is esti mated, at. 569,0,, .vylll- give v an;; average spped OL50, miles an diour-; The air- ' ship, will accommodate, vi25Npasserig- eis, each of whom will be allowed 50 lb- qf? luggage. It is estimated that' Jro,m belaud to Sydney Y i ,(?,uys' Three fuel. stations.' J he established on route, at Heli- polis, Kaiachi, and Singapore. When the service is dofinilelv established, s L ?! >v"l ho in active comnils- ,sjon,— (Australian Press).  london to sydney in 11 days. The London "Daily Express" states that the .construction of the new air ship B101 begins at the end of March. It will 'be employed on the India ser- vice, possibly later extending to 'Aus tralia. The airship will be the largest yet attempted. It will take two years to construct, and will be 760 feet . long, 130 feet wide, and 170 feet high. It will have a gas capacity of 4,000,000 cubic feet, and will have a lifting! power of. 90 tons. Numerous bush, fires have occurred in many parts of the Rappville- district,; and settlers in thie outlying parts, have experienced an anxious time in keeHB ing the fires within control. The tree bush in t-ho northern portion of tliij village became alight, and dwellerfl . nearby had a strenuous fight .to' keep the fires away from their . dwellings.  LONDON TO SYDNEY. 12 DAYS' SERVICE FORETOLD. SYDNEY Siiu-i.it: ;-./inat an aerial tour of tne world in 12 days is a possibility was the state ment made by- Sir Keith Smith 'at the Sunday afternoon service at- the Lvceum to-day.. He said that he had hopes that such tours would become common witflin the next 10 years. He explained Hie details of the flight from London to AJe laide, and the organization that made i successful. He emphasized that similar organization would make possible a re gnlar service between London' and Syd ney. At present airships were being con structed in England, which wouid ' be capable of making the journey from Lon don to Sydney in about seven days, allow ing ' for stoppages for fuel supplies nad embarking and disembarking passengers.  NEW AIRSHIP. FOR DOMINION SERVICE. LONDON-SYDNEY IN II DAYS. (Australian Press Association1!. LONDON, Sunday. I The 'Daily hxprcBS,' referring to I tbe construction of a new airship B 101, which begins at tbe end of March, says fhat it vrtll lie employed on the India service, which protmbly will dater be extended to Auhtrali:-. Tho airship is tbe largest yet attempted, and its construction will take two years. It will Ire 700 feet long. 130 feet wide, nnd 170 feet high, with n gas capacity of i ,000,000 cubic feci, and a lifting power of 90 tons. It will be practic ally twice as large 'as the B33. Its horse power i* estimated at 5000, and it will have an averngc speed of 50 ! miles. It will ut'comriodate 123 l'as *enger% eacb of whom will be allowed 60 lbs. of luggage. It is estimated that the voyage, from Englund to Sydney will tnlce eleven day. Three fuel sta tions will be established en route — at HeliopoJis, Karachi and Singapore. When the service is definite, nix ships wll be in active commission.  IN EIGHT DAYS. LONDON TO SYDNEY. COBIHAM SAYS IT IS POSSIBLE. SYDNEY, August 12. "We have been a nation ol seamen, we will be a nation of aviators." said Mr. Alan Cobham speaking at a civic reception tendered himn at the Sydney Town Hall to-day. ie said there was no reason why travel between- Lon don and Sydney in eight days should not be possible. "Do not look upon aviation as a purely commercial en terprise," he said. "It is an instrument for the development of Australia and of thie Empire. This flight of mine is no stunt. To my mind, the great est performance ever put uP war by Sir Ross and Sir Keith Smith." Re lating the circumstances of prepara tion leading up to the present flight, Captain Cobham said that at the last moment, when the question of finance was problematical, Sir Charles Wake field, who hlad been the "Guardian angel of aviation," stepped in and told him not to worry about the money part of the affair, but to go right ahead. Concluding, he said, "I hope to come to Australia again, and if I should arrive In a year or two at Mascotte, and there Is nobody there to meet me, I shall know that every thing is all right, and that arrival of an aeroplane from England is an every-day occurrence."  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE ' DAYS. In an article in "The Outlook,' Lieut.-Coiumander Ken worthy, M.P., urges without ::delay the. extension of the Egypt to India air service to •Rangoon and Australia. He contends that there are no technical difficulties in a "weekly both-ways service with- Australia, and which would cost less than £300.000 yearly on a basis of 5/ a ton mile. Sydney could be brought within five days of London by day and night flying, or 10 day flights. The British. Indian, and Imperial governments, by a commercial . service, would save much cabling costs, while there would be the great advantage' of the quicker dispatch of commercial documents. The service could not be "all red" Existing European-Asian- routes must be used, thence Via the Dutch East Indies to Darwin.  POLAR . FLIGHT . -LESSONS. London to Sydney in TO Days. LONDON/ Sunday; — '''The lesson of the Polar flight should /be tinned .-to profitable account in the interest of the Empire," uijged Lord, " JveiiAvor thy in tho "Sunday Express."- He declares it is peneetiy xeasiDLe -to-ciay to fly a series of machines from London to Syd ney m ten days 1 ' day '-fljfing, or five rlays' day and night flying? A .long, spectacular flight- in single machines is -most valuable for- demon- istrating -reliability/ Mut" short'/fliglits/ of- 500 or 1000 miles are '-more valuable commereiallA7. ; The time""jsavecl in the carriage of business do'euments 'from London to Sydney would be- a tremend ous commercial advantage. Leaving London, the 'planes would traverse the ' already regularly flown routes of France, Italy, Greece- and Egypt, aa'liile by the year 's end there will be an air mail from Egypt to India, from aahich the flight could naturally be continued to Burma, the Straits Settle ments, then tlie Dutch, East Indies, -.aiid Northern Australia, where they could link - up aa'ith the embryo services com mencing in Australia!'- -  LONDON TO SYDNEY EIGHT DAYS, SAYS COBHAM SOON BE POSSIBLE CIVIC RECEPTION AT SYDNEY SYDNEY. Thursday. "We have been a nation of seamen; we will be a nation of aviators," said Capt. Alan Cobliam at a civic recep tion at the Sydney Town Hall toTday. He said there was no reason why travel between London and Sydney should not be possible in eight days. "Don't loolc upon' aviation as a purely commercial enterprise," lie said. "It is an instrument for the development of. Australia and of the Empire. - This flight of mine is no stunt. T(o my mind the greatest performance ever put up was by Sir Koss and Sir Keith Smith." (Cheers.) Capt. Cobliam outlined the various flights which he had undertaken, and said that he hoped to see an aeroplane service operating in the near future between Cairo and Cen tral Africa and London. / Relating the circumstances and the pre parations leading to the present flight he said that at the last moment when the ques tion of finances was problematical Sit Charles Wakefield, who had been called the "guardian angel' of aviation," stepped in and told him not. to. wor.ry" about the money part of the affair, but to go right ahead. It. was the original intention, said Capt.. Cobliam, that the flight should be ' under taken in an aeroplane. He pressed, however, for a seaplane, and although he had never flown a machine of this type until two days before the flight, he was quite .convinced of their practicability. "I hope to come.to Australia again," he said, "and if I should a.rriye in a year or two at Mascot and there is nobody there to meet mer, I shall know that everything is all right in aviation, and that the arrival of a 'plane from England is an everyday occur rence." The Minister for Health (Mr. Cann) pro posed the toast of Capt. Cobliam's health. Sir Keith Smith, was also included in the list of speakers. Capt. Cobliam and Scrgt. Ward were en tertained liy the Commercial Travellers' Association to-dav. TJenlying to. the toast of his health. Capt. Cobliam, said'they must, keep pace with the times, arid one thing that, was goiug to enable them to do 'that was the development, of aviation. .Aviation could .be made aa-safo an any other form of transport.  A GIANT AIRSHIP. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN ELEVEN DAYS. LONDON, February 28. The "Daily Express" states that the construction of a new [?] r*^ ami pvMr ?W 4*l* wM. kterfbe wrtnrifal to AastoLtt. It wM fee fbev luycet *irt&i? >&lt;* ?t£?ntiAc4, ?ttt &> nMnriMt win ?eo?qr ??? j?he. .Ifc ?riH be 3fi? f eel I&lt;?K, t? ?*?. ?it^. *?£ n fact ?Uh. lv ??? capwair ?a*&lt;:" M*M? ?*l&lt;* fact. ??tfc a liCOv p?er ?r ??!%? **?t It w?B he jgrnktSb brioe ?? bent M Ike Wtt. llfcyigrf mtf m i—miillli 139 ?MMcMMBb-finii?E' ?Inm ?ria far iSnnlllTillc^, b*i l?Mi9 ?M lie ?Mk ?? AsoMl^.  'NATION OF AVIATORS.' PROPHECY OF FUTURE. LONDON-SYDNEY IN EIGHT DAYS CAPTAIN GOBHAMS VIEWS. STDNET. TliurKflnv. 'Wc have been a uatiou of sea alien; wc wi'1 be. a nation of avia tor&*r, said Captain Alan Cobfiam, Sjie:ikiiig at a civic rceoption tendered to him at the Sydney Town Hall to day. lie said that there was so reason why travelling between Loo don and fcydu^y ia eight dwye vra^ uol possible. 'l-o not look upon avinfion as a purely conunercial euternrise'. hc added 'It is an iustruiueut for tbe development of Aubtrallu and tbe Kinpire. This flight of mine Is eoi a stunt. To iu.v mind the greatew perfoiinanee ev«r put up wae that by Sir Romi and Sir Keith Smith* \ Concluding, he sni^: *4I hopf to come to AustroJia ag:iln, and if, when 1 arrive at Mascot, there is no body to meet me, 1 shali know thai Flying is all right, nnd that the ar rival of an aeroplane from England it aft every day occurrence, '  II TEMPESTUOUS VOYAGE 102 DAYS FROM LONDON Sydney, Tuesday. The Uralla arrived in Sydney yester- day after a tempestuous voyage from London occupying 102 days."  Sydney to London. Five Days and Nights by Air. . LONDON, .Tun. 28. In nu nítido ni Iho Outlook" Lieu teiiant-Commandci Ken« oi thy (Libeial JIP) urgts tin cNlcnsion without dcla), of the i g)pt India au smite to llitngoon (limmuli) and Aiistiaha Ho contends that Hine are no teihmtn! dilhciiltics foi a «eel Is both ssa\ stn no to Aiistiaha and tbot it will cost less than i.300 000 j tail) on the busts of V a ton for cadi null Sjd ni) totild In brought witliui five davs of 1 lindon b) dal and nihht living 01 1U dals bl dn) living, llutt is no1 unit li fuliiic foi a pis en stn ne I nutt nant Cummauclci kin «oitbi added but tilt Hutisli Indiiti uni \ustililian Cioiiimitents by a tun mt ii ni sei i tee, iould «ne lunch itbhu" s while a m ent atlsnntage ssonltl be iliinkci tlcspalrh of lonimtrcinl tlotii ilients lilt soi s ice could not be tilled I ho existing 1 mopoin mid Am tu toutes uiiist bo used tliemo fiom the Dutch East Indias to Darum  BIGGEST AIRSHIP [FOR SERVICE TO INDIA | TO SYDNEY IN 11 DAYS CONSTRUCTION STARTS THIS MONTH jgjjpipn- : (Eeuter.) LONDON; Sunday. Y The "Daily Express" states the j construction of the new airship R101 ( ) begins at the end of March. It will } be employed on the India service, posr }i aibly later extending tb Australia. ' The airship will be the largest yet ! attempted. It will take two years to J construct, and will be 760 feet long, | 130 feet wide, and 170 feet high. It }? will have a gas capacity of .4,000,000 "/ cubic feet, and will have a lifting } power of 90 tons. "'The new R101 will be practically; twice fea-'large as the R33. 'Its liorse power it ~ ie ' estimated will ' be . 50i00, capable of . a n average . speed of' 50 miWs p6r" hour; . There %fal be accommodation for 125 passengers, '^ach of whom will be allowed'401b. of lug-; vgajge. . . , . ,;It is estimated that >'. the' voyage from England to Australia will take 11 days, in cluding calls at three fuel stations en route, . Heliopolis, Karachi, arid- Singapore. When the service ? is definitely established six ?Jlhips will be in active commission.  AIR SERVICE EGYPT TO AUSTRALIA SYDNEY-LONDON FIVE DAYS.. LONDON, Jan. 28. An, article m the 'Outlook' by Comjnander Kenworthy, SI. P., urges without delay _ tho extension of the l?-jj'pt-Jndia air service to Rauggon arid Australia. The writer contends that tliere are no technical difficulties in /naintaining a weekly service both i ways to Australia. The cost would be less than £300,000 on the basis of '*??#/ Per. ton mile,- and Sydney could V\ be brought within five days of Lon }/ rl-,., nn,l nin-l.f living ~r- in A dnys by day flying. :'',There is- not mueli future for a passenger '.service,'-' says the writer, the British, Indian, and Austra lia, /Governments, by supporting a commercial service, would save much of-. their present cabling . costs,, wliile thero would be the great advantage of giving quicker despatch to .commer cial documents, 'llio service could not he All Red, as existing European Asian routes must be used, travelling thence by the Dutch East Indies , to Poll Darwin.' A message from Madrid, states Hint Commandor Franco, who is making . a flight to Buonos Aires, flew from the Canaries to Cape Verde Islands in lli hours. He leaves. Porto Praya on Saturday for Fernando Noronha, 1-1 -10 miles distant. This is the most diffi cult stage of the journey.  A GIANT AIRSHIP. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN ELEVEN DAYS. LONDON. February 28. The 'Daily Express' states that the construction of a new airship, R101, will be begun at the end of March. The airship will be employed in the India ser vice, and possibly the flight will later.be extended to Australia. It will be the largest airship yet attempted, and its construction will occupy two years. It will'' 'be 760 feet long, 130 feet wide, and 170 feet hitrh. Its cas capacity will be 4,000,000 cubic feet, with a lifting power of - ninety' tons. It will ' be practically twice as iarge as the R33. The horse power is estimated at 5,000, and the average speed at 5Q 'mile's per hour. - The- airship WJJI accommodate 1?5 passengers, cacti of wnoai ? will', be allotred 40 Si.' of luggage. If is estimated 'that the vbyage from Eng land to Sydney will be made in. eleven days. There, will l-e three '-fuel stations' eh route, viz;, Heliopolis, ' Karachi, and Singapore. When the ''service has .bei?h definitely- estab Ji^hed, tliere will be six ships ' in ; active commission'. ':?'' . ? . - . ? ;.  London By Air FIVE DAYS FROM SYDNEY. LONDON. Fliilav; In an article in 'Outlook,' Com mander Kenworthy, M.P., urges with out delay an extension (if the Kgypt and Tndia nir service to Australia. He contends that thnre are no technical difficulties to preveul a weekly both way service to Australia. Sydney could lie -brought within ifive days of London by day .and night flying, or ton days day flying. The British- Indian, and Australian Governments, by establish ing a commercial service would save .much in cabling .costs, while there would be a great advantage in a quick er despatch of commercial documents  YESTERDAY'S WIRES LONDON TO SYDNEY IN IX r,. ,,' DAYS. The 'Daily Express' says th« con atructionoi the new airctiip K.l.O.l. will begin at the and of March. It. will ^ employed on . the India set: vioe — and possibly extend later to Australia. . It will be the largest yet attempt ed, iind will occupy two years in building. It will be 760 left long,' 180 -eet wiue, and 170 feet h.gh, Wjin and a lifting power of 90. tons, be gas capacity of 1,000,000 cubic feet irig practically twice as large as' the K'38.T ?' ? * Its horse-power is estimate* at S00O, .and it will have an average speed of 50 miles an hour, wiUi ac commodation for 125 passengers, each o'f whom will be allowed to carry 40 nounds of luggage, it is estimated that the voyage from Eng land to Sydney will occupy 11 days. There will be three fuelling stations en route, viz, Heliopolis, Karachi, and Singapore. When the service is definitely established, six airships will be in active commission.  CAPTAIN COBHAM'S FUGHT. Address in Sydney. London io Sydney in 8 Days. Brisbane, Augtfst 11. Mr. Alan Cobham . completed: his flight across Queensland yesterday morning. He left Charleville at 7»30 o'clock, arriving at Bonrke two. hours later. He then departed for Sydney,, arriving at the Southern capital at 4-55, after making a stop at Narroniine. The famous aviator was accorded awoiicler ful reception in the Harbor City. Replying to a civic welcome, Mr. Cobliam declared that the flight was not intended as aviation propaganda, but to try 'to convince the authorities at Home that the so-called wideflung Empire was not long wideflung. Its times and distances had all been al tered. Mr. Cobham said it was not a speed flight, but was intended to look into the possibilities of establishing air 'lines from London to Australia. A 'chain of lines was necessary to elimin ate the difficulties from which the Em pire at present suffered. Speaking at a civic reception ten dered him in the Sydney. Town Hall, Captain Cobham said there was no rea son why travel between London, and Sydney in eight days should not be pos sible. This flight of . his was . no stunt. ! To his mind the greatest performance ever put up was by Sir Boss and Keith Smith.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 11 DAYS PROGRESS OF AVIATION Air Minister's Address r i L? ONDON, ,Thunr?d iak : a[u'n atddress -to the; .lml?hri?l C?n.x frei'i.s i .lo-dayr; th :;i lliister fxor'?.i': rSiie,' lamult - 1[-.tre slid there :w e?e io 'teclinhhial ditf,£ictiie ogainds hr og li i:rfli t br:l; : (:h?:.'ii'b: tehcliolC.1 ildai0 ,li a :i?:Lo?uiilo :;i.to c ai ffidl tig:ll t'cCl?bl ei vh iyliaddieropi;lan'oi 'aeshli the 1idetcst n telon torieS Of> ;(lieh e Are.', ul i-louimne to io da -'ichiud not b i::?ii ,F~i dl . t.: w f+:andi.?°eliia^d iys;- tos" A shi a to iilapetod6toi 'ildi I. toNe'fidi~ iidelon a?IAfter: dyeadins "ti:oC. lefii:t, aioxp ?Jerlor oir :u iolid' aerdtioii'il e :ui firs .beenf ainirslrd til ; ogress.;'an'ou Hoaref pu'io 'stid Iotl'i't u ioth:ding ilto l sfi? ?1hUeefs dphe v ,.' .n t he ? vpas ie ' s yf :"s ,I wlietlier.,? leadhy ctild.:;. itiid i ;ake'.L tlui resli nbili acoi th eros eithilfitchines l-tcl 10co10e0 oti ipowerfioflfior1 dit p:Thoabglei;thbir "ati tud .towalfoids the daibsgewi: byt' nedcelssarvs- e'periiieii the \it?h ,ne ' iiiorsltlfpes>.'id blanes: itshould lid bie tf 1 "liealthy cold foot. anll isks 110rd lit oineratifldly: isurimoullted of w}ere betflg r.ttltdfy surmlfountted.  SHIPPERS TOLD TO SPEED DP SERVICE TO 1 AUSTRALIA I Mr Brace's Frank Talk to Owners I SUGGESTS 14 DAYS REDUCTION IN VOYAGE 9 TO SYDNEY H| ( Herald Special Representative) M LONDON, Oct. 29. H Speaking today at the Lhamber of Shipping luncheon S given to the Dominion delegates to the Imperial Confer - 8 cnce, Mr- Bruce told the shipowners that he did not know jH ' tchether they Were giving Australia the best service. « mr urucc iuiu nc naa occn assured that the voyage to 9 Fremanlle could be reduced by 10 days and to Sydney by HI 14 days. If that Was so, it was a hideous indictment of 9 the shipping industry. 9 ' Mr Urnco paid tliat It tho service 9 could bo accelerated It would have BB (o ho dono. AS "Anyouo wlio ooiuos to mo and can B9 do it "'III get my mail subsidy, tho EH junilim mlgiaut iralTlo and anything M l can put Into bin hands," the 9 j'rlme Minister said. H "I believe wo can promote tho Im- 9 nerlal irndo In promoting tho nhlp- Bi plug Indus! vy 'J'hu Imperial Confur- H| ini'O slunild bo able to glvo a lend M which will greatly advantage this 9 country and tho whole world. 9 "Wo may bo at your mercy, but I 19 hope tu Heaven you will exercise your 9 power nierellully." l'LAIN Sf'EECn 9 Mr Hruee's trenchant reply to Sir H Wnlter Runclman'a attack on tho Auh- H tralhin tariff, followed by frank erl- 9 tlclsin of British shipping facilities to H Australia, was a featuro of the H Microbes. 9 Sir Waller Runclmnn presided. Tho 9 guosls Included tbo Dominion Socro- 9 tnry (Mr L. S. Amery). tho Secretary 9 'or India (Lord Birkenhead), Sir 9 Joseph Cook. Lord Inchcapc, and Sir 9 lliivelock Wilson. 9 Sir Walter Ilunclmiin, proposing tho 9 toast of "Tho Conference," said that 9 despite the contonllons thnt the Km- 9 Plro hail been built on coal and cotton, 9 Its real basis wus shipping. Mr Bruce, 9 hi tho last speech lie made in Aiih- 9 tralia. had declared ills respect lor 9 plain speech. Jt was clear, thcroforo, 9 that lie would hot H hide Ills views. 9 whatever they 9 were. Tbo I111- 9 pcrial Interests lis 9 a whole must pre- dominate. He was 9 ?la&lt;l tbo gliosis 9 regarded tile, sea 9 not as a harrier 9 but as a bond be- 9 twoen the Do- 9 minions. 9 SHIPPING'S 9 VITAL 9 IMPORTANCE 9 Mr Brueu, who 9 was greeted with 9 cheers, paid " H tribute to sir 9 Waller for Ills kindness In not having 9 given advice to his guests, lie hoped the shipping Industry would contlnuo as the pioneers of the Empire Inter- estf. which must ho preserved and maintained. Shipping, was of most chief factor 111 the 3mptre'» success re In the war lay In the fact that It pos- M soused tho greatest mercantile mnrlno on earth. 9 IMPUTATION ON AUSTRALIA 9 r.reat Britain owed much of tho re position It had attained to the fact that It was tho world's workshop, but it owed the greater part of that posl- tlon to the fact that It whs tho world's carrier. It must maintain I that position In tlie future. "Is not II possthlo to get out of our minds ihnt feeling of npprelioii- slon tliat In doing something to dc- velop tho Emiilro wo are going to B destroy tho foreign trade wo built up I In past ccntiirlen?" asked Air Bruce. B "Cannot we Ijnlbl up a greater Ini- fl pcrial trade, bringing tho resources of tho Emplro to full fruition wltliout Interfering with forolgn trado? I B bollovo It can ho dono." I Mr Bruce, turning to the Ctialr- mail, said: "You havo referred to I the fact that somo of tho doctrines I I have onunclntod woro just like a I religion. You said tliero was nothing sacrosanct about them. I reply tluit your religion will not stand too severe I a test. It must not bo regarded as sacrosanct olthor. I "I ask you to free my great anil glorious country from tho terrible im- | putation you Imposed on It .when you I sold that wo novcr adopted tariff ro- B form except to benefit our own pro- B ducors against tho British. I would B not have, mentioned this, but you B know what ono'a people are. (Laugli- R tor.) They nro all waiting and watcli- I Ing to see what haa been said, I BENEFIT TO BRITAIN I "At present 20,000,000 worth of your manufactured products aro cn- I t.rlng Australia free, whllo tho I foreigner Is paying an avorage of 121 I per cont. ,But lot ub Joavo tlieso I UilngB aside and see what wo can I develP Empire trade. | M wh sreat shipping Industry can I «o It. I ISpeaklng at tho Freo Trade 'Union I Iunchoon on Thursday, Sir Walter I Runclman, a ship owner, said : . "Wo do not regard Imperial proforepco as 3 "alth which must not bo tampered with. Wo regard It as: a business mnue by tho Qoverninent for tho beno- flt of certain business men. It Is rubbish to talk about trado between Great Britain ami Australia'. It Is hot the countries that trade, but indivi duals. "Mr Bruce appeals tri plain .words; so I will say thnt Australian tariffs are created to help tho Australian" inamH lacturor against our manufacturer." NEWFOUNDLAND'S LAUGn v0 Premier, of Newfoundland (Mr Monroe), proposed "Imperial Slilp- mug.' Ho cheerily remarked that Aeivfoundlunilors would have sulll- j'lent wood froo wlien England was buying. coal in paper bags. Ho re gretted that sailing ships were going out of exlslcnco or fulling Into the bands of bootleggers. Imiiroved water communication was the most Important thing to bring tho Emplro together. "Americans nmy say they have tho lowest priced motor car and loud in tho film industry," ho said, "but they've novor bonded nil In tho con struction of ships nnd boilers." Tho President of tho Board of Trado (lllmP. Cunliffo-Llstor), in res spondlng. paid a tribute to the Im- poikii Shipping Committee, nnd urged tho promotion of Intcr-lmpcrlal shipping facilities, lie snld tliero would always lie differences similar to Mr Bruco and the t-chnlriiimi' i, which lmd recalled the controversy between two clergymen, one of whom snld: "Wo both serve (tod, you In your way, nnd I in His." SIR W. RUNCIMAN 