 AIRSHIPS FOR AUSTRALIA. London to Sydney in 12 Days Big Scheme Nearing Completion. Among the passengers who reached Ade laide by the express from Melbourne on Thursday morning was Sir Keith Smith, K.H.H.. Australian representative of Vickers, Limited, who has come from Sydney, his headquarters, to be preseut at the ceremony of unveiling the statue of his brother, the late Sir Eoss Smith, at Creswell Garden, to-morrow morning, rive firm Sir Keith represents is one of the largest and most important in the Bri tish Empire, and it is a great tribute to his business knowledge and acumen that they- should have selected such a young man to watch their interests in the Com monwealth. The ramifications of Vickers, Limited, are most extensive, and the Tango of goods manufactured by them is wide iu the extreme. The Vickers Com monwealth Steel Products, whose works are at Newcastle, New South Wales, lie long to them, and their work principally consists in the manufacture of wheels, tyres, axles, manganese points and cross ings, and steel castings generally. The works are equipped with the most modern plant, and would be invaluable to .'.us iralia in time of war. Vickers, Limited, at present are building a large number of aeroplanes for the British, Government, and have already supplied many to Japan, tlie Dutch East Indies, and various South Amprtrnti rpnnblics. - A Marvel of the Air. Referring to the types of 'planes which bis firm have supplied to the British Gov ernment, Sir Keith Smith told a represen tative of The Register that they were long-distance bomber?, troop carriers^ and imbulances, and for places like South America they had manufactured a large number of single-seater 'all-metal' scouts. Their machines ' were known as the Vickers Victoria, the Vickers Vanguard, iud the Vickers Vernon. At present they irere building the R101, a huge dirigible Being constructed to the order of the Bri tish Government. It would have a tour ing range of about 3,000 miles, non-stop, would carry more than 100 passengers, and from 10 to 12 tons of mails and freight. It was estimated that it would cut the journey from London to Sydney down to 10 to 12 days, and to achieve that object was one of the main reasons for its construction It was in connection with this, and another equally large air ship which was being constructed, that the airehip delegation recently visited Aus tralia, their object being to enquire regard ing suitable airship sheds, mooring sta tions, and meteorological data. The air ship winch bis firm was building would have six 700 h.p. Rolls-Royce engines. Each vrould.be independent of the oilier?, and petrol would be used at the start. They hoped, however, to switch over tn the Diesel type of engine later. Provided the wind was fair and the weather condi tions were good, one engine would be Biitfi cient to drive the E10I; but everything would depend upon the weather and tins load being carried. It would be equipped with sending and receiving wireless uircc t'pnal wireless, and telephones. She would have a cruising speed of about 70 miles an hour, and would carry a crew of more than 10, who would be divided into., three watches. He had been up in a dirigibe, and there was no sensation of motion. There would be an entire absence of noise, and no smell from the engines, and intend ing passengers would be k'°J to learn that, owing to the absence of motion, there would be no air sickness. The new airship would bo nearly 7U0 ft. long and 133 ft. through. The sensation would be like sitting in a stationary roilwny car riage. There would be no dust, and tho voyager would inhale nothing but the purest of fresh air. They expected to have the ship in the air by next March or April; but at any rate, it would bo rcadv during thn first half' of next year, lie believed the contract was for £350,000. Fostering an Air Sense. Discussing the future of aviation, Sir Keith Smith said he believed its progress would be slow, as one could not force flying upon tlie people. Aviation required to be built upon a solid bra's, in order to make the public realize its may advan tages. He had read with much pleasure of the remarkable success which had at tended the opening pageant of tlie South Australian Aero Club, and thought it augured well for the future. Ho con sidered aero clubs an excellent idea, and deserving of every support. They would have a RTeat bearing upon the question of developing tho 'air sense' of the people. Later a move would have to be made in the direction of establishing the nuclcui* of an aircraft factory in the Com monwealth. At present the Lnrkin Air craft Company ('Quntns'J and the Wes tern Australian Airways, Limited, were building machines under licence. He be lieved in starting iu a small way, as for some time the demand must necessarily be final!. Speaking in regard to beautiful sights flu viewed from the nir, Kir Keith Smith agreed that Sydney Harbour waa almost without compeer, but thn most wonderful vista he had over scon was that presented by the Thousand Isles, just to ' the north of Br.tnvia. . They were appa rently of coral formation, and their vivid green colouring, ntudded as they were in the glorious blue of a tropical i-cn, viewed in the early morning, v.as n ncvertobe forgutteu eight. He should alwnys remem ber, too. jl wonderful ppectaele lie wit nes.rod w1k?ii crossing the Gulf of Siam. It was a perfect rainbow, which formed n complete citcIp and appeared imme diately un-ler the 'plane, its colours being mo=t vivid.  IN 14 DAYS > A --a — London to Sydney hinklefFs hope LONDON. Friday. "There Is no better way of going home than by flying." says Mr. Bert Hlnklor, an Australian airman, who hopes to cover the distance between ana Rvdnev in 14 days. i His old employers, the Avro Com pany have offered to provide ma chine, and the Aircraft Disposal Com pany Is giving a Cirrus engine of the type used by light aeroplane clubs in ABoth say they are backing Mr. tink ler because ho has been one of tne most daring and ambitious of Austra lian-British airmen. . Mr. Hlnkler purposes taking a ahortor and more direct route than Sir Alan Cobham, and hopes to make, daily stages averaging ten hours In the air.  FUTURE AIR TRAVEL C y? . . . NINE DAYS FROM LONDON '* SYDNEY, Mondays At a 'civic reception tendered to the Brifo ish Air Mission by the Lord Mayor (Aid.; Mostyn) to-day, Flight-Lieut- S. Nixon, pici tured future travel from England to "Aus tralia by airship. He said that Perth would be reached nine or ten days after de parture. Bceause of its favourable weather conditions "Western Australia would prob ably hold the main air port of the Common wealth, other states being connected by aeroplane lines. ( He thought, however, that' bases!'would be erected at Sydney and Melbourne. The first flight from England would probably; take plaee in 1930. .  Last Days of Charles I. "CHARLES I. IN CAPTIVITY/' edited from . contemporary accounts by Gertrude Scnf.t Stevenson, M.A. (London, Arrowsmlth. Sydney, Dymock's) . Mifis Stevenson has provided a care ful and comprehensive study of the most Interesting phase of the career of this unhappy monarch. She draws . largely on the accounts of Sir Thomas Herbert, who was the personal atten dant and friend to the King, and who stayed in his room night and day from his imprisonment untitl his excution at Whitehall. The character of Charles- Is fairly indicated . without prejudice or favor. A large part of the work Is taken up by the official report of the trial In the Great Hall at Westminster, which be gan on January 20, 1649, and which seems to show that the poor King might as well not have h'ad the favor of one at all, for all the hope he had of acquittal. It is embellished with' significant and pathetic little incidents, such as this: "It Is to be observed that, as the charge was reading against the King, the head of his staff fell off, which he wondered - at; and, seeing none to take it up, he stoops for it himself." ' There Is also a report of the King's speech from the scaffold,, which was so surrounded with soldiers that he had no hope of making himself heard by the people. The description of the execution itself Is brief, and not un duly harrowed. He took the fatal stroke from a "disguised person," as.be lay on the ground, his head on a. low block. The work should be valuable to stu dents of history.  PORT FREMANTLE AT LONDON. ! THIRTY-EIGHT DAYS FROM SYDNEY. Cable advice received by the Com monwealth & Dominion Line, Ltd., I states that the motor ship Port Fre mantle arrived at London on August ; 27 — 38 days from Sydney. j The . voyage included a stay of two days at Malta, wherei Australian cargo j was discharged, the trip therefore | beiner a quick one. I  ELEVEN DAYS BY AIR London to Sydney Possibility If aerial travel between Britain and Australia be established practically, the Federal Government will erect mooring towers at Commonwealth terminals and assist in every other way. The Prime -Minister gave this under taking last night, k when the visit of British air experts to Australia to ex plore the possibilities of linking Britain with the . Commonwealth by an aerial , passenger service was referred to him. . Mr. Bruce recalled a- discussion upon the -question , at the last Imperial- Con ference,- when.-the British - Air Ministry acknowledged conviction that, two air ships that had .been laid down were designed . to meet, all the. difficulties encountered In -flying to date. If suc cessful,. as , ; they : were - almost , certain to be. "there was: nothing - to prevent a ; commercial -service: between: Britain. :and". Australia " being established, to cover the trip In about- 11 : days. Captain Fellowes, Director of Air ship Development,, is; in charge of the British Airship Mission. It comprises two -aerial navigators -and a. meteoro logical . expert;- and is . now in Mel bourne.  Id' 14 Days LONDON TO SYDNEY HINKLER'S HOPE 'There is no better way of going home than bv flying' says Mr -Bert Hinkler, an Australian airman, who hopes to covej. the distance between London and Sydney in 14 days . His old employers, the Avero Company, have offered to provide a machine, and the Aircraft Wis pos'al- Company is giving a Cirrus engine of the type used by light ' . aeroplane clubs in Australia. ? Botq' s/ty they are backing Mr. &*7-? ?;«»'jB^»|Mwt5.aaTinjc and1 ambitions - -? _ of ' Aoitralian jBirosh airmen.. Mr /HinWer purposes taking a shorter and. more direct routa than - ft/ Alan j3obhjnn, and hopes to ^ inaie da3y ;stiges averaging ten,  Twelve Days to London. BIG AIRSHIP PROJECT. Sydney, Tuesday. Lieutenant-Commander Alhcrslone, addressing1 tbe Constitutional Club in Melbourne on Hie proposed air service between England and Australia, said that the fare would be about £10 more than by steamer, but the time occupied in the Journey will be only 12 days. Airships would carry 100 passengers and ten tons of mail.  SEVEN DAYS LESS. BRISBANE TO LONDON. SYDNEY, June 20. New arrangements, which will accelerate tile voyage of the Com monwealth line of steamers, will come into operation next month. They will reduce the voyage from Brisbane to the United Kingdom by seven days and4 from Sydney by three da?. 