 AUSTRALIA LGNDüN FLIGHT ATTEMPT TO DO JOURNEY IN 14 DAIS Sydney, Friday. Keilli Anderson leaves shortly in an attempt to reach Loudon by aeroplane in fourteen days. His first stop will be Longreach, then Darwin, Bima, Souraouya, Singapore, Akyab, Calcutta, A^ra, Karachi, Bagdad, Constantinople, Vienna, and London. He will use a Bristol tourer plane will be accompan- ied by li. S. ' Hiichcock, as mechanic 'i  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 13 DAYS The route which Mr. Keith Ander- son (Inset) proposes to follow In his endeavour to beat Mr. Bert Hlnk ler's record air trip of 16 days be- tween England and Australia. Mr. Anderson will try to cover the dis- tance in 13 days. The shaded section of the route Indicates the course taken by Hinkler.  TO LONDON IN EIOHT DAYS. Sydney. SeotemLer 5. The Ryan machine, in which Captain Hariej- and his companions hope to fly to London, cost about £5,000, ana has a special Wright eneinp. It will have a range of about 3.000 miles, and the crew hope to fly from Sydney to Lon don in eight days. ?  TOKMKtWAND BAflL ^ IN 28 DAYS. , AN AMBITIOUS PROJECT. SYDNEY. October IS. ^ 'The Monoplane Spirit of Australia, «i which Captain Hurley- and Flying Offi cer Moir will attempt to fly from Sydney . ? to, -London and back irL 28 days .was ?christened to/day at.tl'.e Richmond aero drome. A luncheon in honour rof the occasion 'waslheld later. ' . - : Speaking ..at ,.tiie luncheon Sir james - Murdodi, who -assisted' in finatiring the -. fhryht. said he'-hcliered the hest/way. to improve cominmiications ? between Eng land and Australia was by commercial aviation. ^ ; ' S AMERICAN MACHINES. ' Captain Hurley expressed, regret that he had to go to America 'for amachiiie for the flight, but when he asked a Bri tish firm for -a machine with an aerial capacity of 2000 miics, - IdUgucd at The best that could' be offered in Britain was a machine for f80QO with an aerial capacity of 900 miles. He w hopeful that when the British manufac- ? turers jaw this machine, in England they would begin to build 'planes and seaplanes to suit Australian - require ments. The Spirit of Australia cpst £3700, and had a range . of more than 2000 miles. ?* ' - :. ?? - THE ROUTE. The route to be follpwed by the fliers will in the main be that-taken by Sir Alan Cobham and Hinkler, but it is prc posed to make fewer night s^ops than either of these aviators. The estmated aerial distance' to be covered is l^KUU miles and it is expected that some days 2000 miles will -he covered- „ .. ~ Moir said (hat 1iy doing 1200 miles a day it would he possible to iiiake the ^ journey from Richraoiid to England in- r side ten days. vV - ?;.»». . , : ; is 3The^p}ane.#!tiU -sariy- ynrclessiand wrUl . Jye :in 'etieemm&atKHMFW, Aust^lw .qi - Emdand for the,-whgle, of, the .flighty /. The trial Sights' to-da-: were en -tj^yf-s^fe'faffe^sand.it^ ^s Iiopea w ...^  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 14 DAYS BY BRITISH AIRSHIPS pwtrw - ; ; FLYING TESTS OF NEW CRAFT TO BE MADE THIS YEAR Three Years of Patient Research and Experiment Devoted to Work of Construction NIGHT AND DAY TRAVEL IN COMFORT ( "Pictorial' Special Service) LONDON, Tuesday. Introducing the Air Estimates lor the coming financial year, Sir Samuel Hoare, Secretary for Air, said that during the summer and winter of this year, both new airships should be completed and dobs their fivins tests. '"If the experiment succeeds," he declared, "it will revolu tionise transport, create a new British industry, and bring the farther capitals of the Empire within a fortnight of ; London." . The problem which the Air Ministry was trying to solve was, he explained, that of quicker Imperial communicar tions. or how to £ir Samuel Hoare. give the Empire the p h y si c al unity it had never before' possessed. Ship ping, at least for many years to come, would not ap- I pear capable of solving the problem. The aeroplane would be in valu able Tor shorter journeys, but its range -and its' small size must for some time to come. seriously handicap it in dealing with distances involving non-stop flights of thousands bf miles. An All-Red Route The airship, on the other hand, if it could be .proved safe and dependable, -could fly night and day in comfort, and, with a range of 2000 or 3000 miles, need never make use of foreign terri tory in its journeys from one part of the 'Empire to the other. "I suppose," continued the Minister, "we could probably have built both airships in little more than a year. But, so anxious have we been to elimi nate any avoidable risk that we have, spent the best part of three years upon research and experiment, and upon an effort to harmonise the calculations of theory with the lessons of experience and experiments." Sir Samuel, Hoare said he hoped during the year to make a beginning with the biggest scheme in the civil air route, namely, a weekly service by aeroplane to India, bringing Delhi within seven days, and Calcutta within nine days, of London.  SYDNEY-LONDON RlCHT. RETURN TRIP IN 28 DA^S. ;?- Take Of f To-morrow. SYDNEY, Oct. 2S.— It is. the 'intention of the promoters of the flight from Syd ney to,London and back within -28 days to leave the 'Richmond aerodrome in' the Spirit of Australia ,on Tuesday morning at dawn- Flying Officer Owen, of - Point Cook, will accompany Flying Officer Moir (Pilot) and Contain Frank Hurley (navi gator, wireless- operator, .and photo grupher); as relief prlot arid mechanic. There was an alteration in the arranger ments for the .flight during the week-end. It had 'been proposed to -depart on the 26.000. miles journey, at ^daylight .to-day, but the radio generator was not function ing satisfactorily and minor mechanical adjustments had also to be made-' The outstanding . feature of the flight is that.no risks are to- be taken by. the airmen, who are utilising a Ryan mono plane similar to the machine which Co lonel- Liugbergb piloted single-handed across tlie Atlantic. The engine is a later model, however, graded at 220 horse power and 'makes* 1.600 revolutions, a' minute. The petrol consumption is 10 miles to'the gallon; while the storage capacity has been increased by means of an extra tank .to 350 ealloriB which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. .It is a land machine with an air endurance of from 20 16 24 hours. The ground organisation has. been completed and the Shell. Company ' \ has laid- down petrol and oil supplies at aero dromes approximately 500 miles apart for - the whole journey. A .radio transmitting and^ receiving apparatus has been install ed in the machine and continuous com munication 'with either Australian or London stations is likely throughout- the entire journey. ' - . ? j Flying Officer Moir said to-night phat a start~ would probably be made at day break on Tuesday.. Everything ? was now in' order, but it was proposed to make minor adjustments to the machine to-mor-r row and thus be. in readiness for taking the. nir on the follcwiirg morning: It waR- stated to-night that the route*' of the' flight would be vis follows: — Syd- ney to Ondnadatta, 1.100 miles:. Ood'na- , dntta to W--ndhnm. 1.100 miles; Wyn dhnm to Andir. T.500 miles: Andir to Vic toria Point. 1.500 miles: Victoria Point to Calcutta. ' 1.3*6 miles; Calcutta to Ka rachi. 1.3Q0, miles: Karachi to Bushire, 1.100 iniles: Biishire to Ramleh, 1.200 miles: Rarnleh to Rome. 1.R50 miles: Rome to London/ 1.250 miles. This distance it ,is honed, will' be accomplished in nine or ten days. Four or five* days will -be spent m London.' ' ,.  CABLE FROM LONDON. Received Fourteen Days' Notice. ? Sydney, Tuesday. According to tlie President of : the Northern Miners' Federation, Mr. Sinlce, a cable froiii London giving tho report of the chairman's speech at a meeting of the Scottish Australian Mining Co., the men at the Laiiibton mine had received 14 days' notice.  GETTING CLOSER TO LONDON. Sir S. Brancker's Prediction. Sydney Within 7i- Days Shortly. LONDON, 20(1 1 June. Sir CiuuTes Wakefield gave u dinner to Sir Alnri and Lady C'oblmm in celebra tion of their Africa i) flight. He empha sised Hint there wero three kinds of air achievement. Firstly there were, the early pioneers;, secondly, Ike adventurous spirits who created records; and, thirdly, the pioneers of practical achievement, of whom Sir Alan C'oblmm was fore runner. Sir Samuel lloare said tlrat out of the recent long-distance flights Hie successful ones, like tlio Bremen and Friendship, hail been carefully prepared, and lind heeded the weather reports. Sir Alan Cobhnni's achievement had stimulated in terest in aviation in Africa. Already mining magnates were giving attention to the sending of gold and diamonds to Bri tain lay nirwise. Lady Cobhitni revealed that when they crossed the equator her husband suggested that on this momentous occasion ill tlie course, of the celebrations lie must kiss her in front of tlio crow. Sho sug gested Unit if tlie ercw kissed her in front of li tin it would lie much mure exciting. Sir H. Brittnin, ALP., in toasting Im perial Aviation, said lie wns very" dissatis fied witii Britisli civil aviation. The pie- sent air routes of Europe comprised 3(1.000 miles. Germany was running 15,0(10 miles and Britain 1000 miles. At present we luul no "All-red route" and no seaplane service, though our pilots, planes and en gines were second to none. Sir Sefton Branekcr, Director of Civil Aviation, in replying, admitted civil avia tion wns a comparative failure. The rea sons were, firstly, that air transport did not pay; and, secondly. Hint Britishers were not "air-minded," particularly in tlie House of Commons. But Coblrani, Hinkler and Kingsl'oinl Smith wore assist ing in Hie creation of an air mind. In tlie near future Sydney would be within 180 hours ( 7 V-j days) of London. A telegram was despatched from tlie dinner, signed bv Sir Alan and Lady Cob- ham, congratulating Aiiss Kuiharl on her siieccsstul flight across Llie Atlantic.  ! AMBITIOUS AIRMEN CAPT. TOILETS PRUECTED fUCIÏ Sydney t» UBÍM mi Back m 28 D«ys * From Sydney to London in ten days, and Sydney to London and back in 2S cays, is the objective of the' night of Captain Frank Hurley and" "Flying Officer Moir in the Ryan monoplane Spirit of Australia. The christening of the monoplane took place at the Bichmond Aerodrome during the wk. The flight will be made in nine hops -from Sydney to Wyndham, ^2113 miles; Wyndham to Amdir (Java). 1600 miles; Amdir to Victoria Point, 1514 miles; Victoria Point to Calcutta, 1345 miles; Calcutta to Karachi, 1330 miles; Karachi, to Bashire, lill miles; Bush ire to Ramleh, 1150 mués';'Ram- leh to Rome, 16E0 miles; and Rome to London, 1250 miles. It is possible that the last two stages will he covered in a single flight, but this wai depend on the local weather conditions, which cannot be determined until later. The object of the flight ls to the ad- vantages of commercial aviation and the possibility of the plane for im- proving communications between Eng- land and Australia, lt is also hopa.1 that the appearance of the Ryan mon- oplane in England will awaken manu . facturera there to-a realisation of the long-flying type' 'of plane required in Australia. \ It is stated that the best BrltUh. plane offering "has an air radius of only 900 miles, whereas the Byan can cover over 3000 non-stop. The Spirit -of Australia, is a Byan monoplane, built on the same modelai the machine in which Colonel Lind- bergh flew across the Atlantic, and the engine is a later model, with greater power. It is graded at 220 h.p., anl makes 1600 revolutions a mínate. Tho petrol consumption is 10 miles to the gallon. The storage capacity has been increased by sn additional tank to 350 gallons, which will give ah aerial range of 3500 miles. It cost £3700. The ground organisation has been completed, and oil and petrol supplies have been laid down at aerodromes ap- proximately 500 miles apart for the whole journey. Wireless transmitting and receiving apparatus is being in- stalled in the machine, and it is hopi J that the aviators will be in constant communication with Australia or Lon- don for the whole of the flight. It is boped to begin the flight early next week. Trial flights were held last week, and they were entirely satisfac- tory. After exhaustive trials of ll of the fast fighting types of planes, the Air Ministry has placed an order for a fleet of all-metal Bristol Bulldog single-seater fighters, equipped with ecginss of 500 h.p. It is claimed that mese are the fastest type of fighters in the world. An order has ben placed with the Westland Aircraft Works for 26 West- land Wapiti two-seater general pur ¡ poses biplanes, fitted with Bristol Jupier 485 h.p. engines for the Aus- tralian Air Force. Delivery is to be made early next year. The German trans-Atlantic i fiver. Baron von Huenefeld, who is making a flight from Berlin to Tokio, landed at Shanghai last week. He is flying in the Europa, a sister plane to the Bre- men, in which he crosed the Atlantic, and is accompanied by Charles Linder (a Swedish pilot) and a German me- chanic  I ' IN 28 DAYS. ! AMBITIOUS PROJECT. . o SYDNEY TO LONDON AND BACK. SYDNEY, October 28. ?It is the intention of the pro- moters of the flight from Sydney to London and back within 28 days to leave Richmond aerodrome in the I "Spirit of Australia" on Tuesday morning at dawn. Flying Officer Owen, of Point Cook, will accompany Flying Officer R. Moir 1 (pilot) and Mr. Frank Hurley (navi- gator, wireless operator, and photo- grapher) as relief pilot and mechanic. There was an alteration in the arrangements for the flight during the week-end. It had been proposed to depart on the 25,000 miles journey at daylight to-day, but the radio generator was not functioning satis- factory, and minor mechanical adjust- ments had also to be made. The out- standing feature of the flight is that no risks are to be taken by the air- men, who are utilising a Ryan mono- plane, similar to the machine which Colonel Lindbergh piloted single ' handed across the Atlantic. The engine is a later model, however, graded at 220 horse-power, and makes 1600 revolutions per minute. The petrol consumption is 10 miles to the gallon, while the storage capacity has been in- creased by means of an extra tank to 350 galions, which will give an aerial range of 3500 miles. It is a land machine ot an air endurance of from 20 to 24 hours. The ground organisa- tion has been completed, and the Shell Company has laid down petrol and oil supplies at aerodromes approximately 500 miles apart for the wnole stage of the lengthy journey. A radio trans- mitting and receiving apparatus has been installed in the machine, and continuous communication with either Australian or London stations is likely throughout the entire journey. - F.ylng Officer Moir said to-night that a start probably would be made at daybreak on Tuesday. "Everything Is now in order," he said, "but we pro- pose to make minor adjustments to the machine to-morrow, and thus be m readiness for taking the air on the following morning." He added that Flying Officer Owen, of Point Cook, would participate in the flight. It was stated to-night that the route of the flight would be as follows:-Sydney to Oodnadatta, 1100 miies; Oodnadatta to Wyndham, 1100 miles; Wyndham to Andir, 1500 miles; Andir to Victoria Point, 1500 miles; Victoria Point to Calcutta, 1350; Calcutta to Karachi, 1300 miles; Karachi to Ramleh, 1200 miies; Ramleh to Rome, 1650 miles; Rome to London, 1250 miles. This dis- tance, it is hoped, will be accom- plished in nine or 10 days. Four or five days will be spent in London.  GOING WELL. -* KEITH ANDERSON. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 14 ? DAYS. ' - . Mr, Keith Anderson and Mr. Hitchcock, who are trying to reach England from Sydney in 14 days, are going well. Yester- day they reached Camooweal, and hope to arrive at Darwin to-day. (Special to the "Courier" by Mr. Keith Anderson.) CAMOOWEAL, September 10. Mr. Keith Anderson, In company with Mr. Hitchcock, who are endeavour- ing to fly to London in 14 days, ad- vises : "We were favoured with clear skies and little, if any, wind, on our journey for Longreach, arriving here at 4.30 p.m. Everything is O.K. with the Old Pioneer, which name I have given the 'bus on account of her past achievements. Both Mr. Hitchcock and myself are very pleased with the per- formance of the machine and engine, and are confident, given reasonable weather, we will make London in under 15 days' actual time from Sydney. To- morrow we will start on a non-stop journey from Camooweal to Darwin. Our long hops subsequently will in- crease our dally average substantially. To-day has been hot, the thermometer registering 95 degrees here. The coun- try around Longreach and Winton is parched. We hope to make to-mor- row's despatch from Darwin Interest- ing." ARRIVAL AT LONGREACH. "We left Charleville this morning ,at 6.5 o'clock, arriving here at 9.25. A slight cross wind was encountered. Everything Is O.K., the machine running beauti- fully, like a new sewing machine. We left for Camooweal at 10.38." "ALL GOING WELL." The Brisbane manager of the Shell Company of Australia, Ltd., received the following telegram from Mr. Keith Anderson at midday yesterday : "Ar- rived Longreach at 9.25 a.m. Left1 at 10.38, flying to Camooweal. Attempting non-stop run. All going well."  SYDNEY TO LONDON. FLIGHT IN FOURTEEN DAYS. ATTEMPT STARTS TO-DAY. Sydney, September 5. Mr. Keith Anderson will leave Mas- &lt;*> cot at 6 o'clock to-morrow in an at- &lt;*> tempt to reach London in 14 days from Sydney.  IN TEN DAYS. t Sydney to London. PLIGHT STARTS TO-MORROW. According to present arrangements, the promotora of the flight from Sydney to Lon- don in the Spirit of Australia monoplane, will commence at daybreak to-morrow from Richmond aeródromo. An effort will bo made to reach the Croydon aerodrome (near London) within ten days. The pilot will bo Flying-Officer Moir, who was bom in Sydney in 1897. Ho enlisted with the 6th Battalion of tho A.I.F., and later transferred to the Royal Flying Corps, with which ho served until tho armistice. During the last six months with the R.F.C. he was engaged in the training ot pilots. He was awarded the Air Force CroBs for meritorious service. The relief pilot and mechanic will be Fly- ing-Officer Owen, who has been granted lonve of absence from Point Cook for tho trip. He spent his holidays in assembling the engine, and overhauling the monoplane generally. Whon the promoters considered, thnt in order to make the fast trip contemplated, a relief pilot wa3 necessary, Flying-Officer Owen, who, in addition to his mechanical knowledge, is a pilot of ability, was at onco cboson. Mr. Frank Hurley, tho organiser of the flight, will act as navigator, wireless operator, and photographer.. It Is expected by the aviators that thoy will be back in Sydney within 30 days from their departure to-morrow morning. it Is their Intention to stop only four or five days In London. |  I TO LONDON AND BACK. IN 38 DAYS. AN AMBITTÓÜÍ PROJECT. SYUNKY, October IS. J he Monoplane Spirit of Australia, in which Captai) Murley anti Flying Offi- cer Moir will attempt to Hy from Sydnej to Loudon and back in 28 days was christened to-day nt thc Richmond aero- drome. A luncheon in honour of the occasion was held later. ' Speaking" at thc luncheon Sir James j Murdoch, who assistai in financing thc flight, said he believed the best wav to improve cnmmuiiic'ilious between Eng. i land and Australia waa by commercial" I aviation. AMERICAN MACHINES. . Captain Hurley expressed regret that he had to go to America for a machia» for thc Hight, but when he asked a Ilri tish firm for a machine with an aerial capacity of 2000 miles, hr. was luughiM at. The best that could bc offered lu Britain was a machine for Í800Q with au aerial capacity of 900 miles. He was hopeful that when the British manufac ' tarers saw this machine in England thcy'Wniiht begin to btiihf 'planes-and' seaplanes'to suit Australia.'! 'require- ments.- Thc Spirit of Australia cost £.1700, and had a ranga .of mo.'« tha'ii 20Ü0 miles. \ . THE ROUTE. "'/'..; The toute to bs followed by the fliers' will in' thc main be that taken by Sir I Alan Cobham and Hinkler, hilt it ts prc po*ed to make fewer night stops than ! either of these aviators. Thc estimated aerial distance to bc covered is 12,00ft mitesand ' it' is expected that some days 2000? miles will In; rovcred, ; Moir said (hat hy doing 1200 injlrs a day it would bc possible to make the I journey from-'Richmond to England In- side ten days. The 'pfc»»e will carry wireless and will bc in coiitWMuication with Australia or Englaiid'vfó'r flítf1 whole of the flighi. I'!--; The''trial flights to-day were rcn I tirely satisfactory ai'.d it is hoped to make a start next week. .  IN 10 DAYS. -? SYDNEY TO LONDON. "SPIRIT OF AUSTRALIA" PROJECT. MELBOURNE, October 2G. 'It is expected that the flight of » the monoplane, "Spirit of Austra- lia," from Elchmond (Sydney) to Croydon (near London), will begin at daybreak on Sunday. An effort will be made to reach England in ten days. The flight Is being conducted by Mr Flank Hurley The pilot will be Fly- ing Officer Moir, who served with the Royal Flying Corps The promoters have decided to send a, crew of three on the flight Flying Officer Harold Owen, of Point Cook Victoria, will go as relief pilot and assistant mecnanic, Mi Hurley will act as navigator, wire- less operator, and photographer Fly- ing Officer Owen has been granted leave from Point Cook for the trip He spent his holidays assembling the en- gine and overhauling the monoplane The additional pilot has been ap- pointed by the promoters with tha object of giving the aviators every chance of making a recoid flight with- out too much strain The original in- tention was to begin the flight from Canberra, the seat of the National Parliament, and to stop al Richmond foi fuel supplies, but this pian has been abandoned The flight will be from Richmond to Croydon, and the airmen hope to be back in Svaney within 30 days from the time of their departure on Sunday They propose to remain only five days in Lonaon They are all very keen on the undertaking and preparations for the flight have been made with the utmost care and thoroughness.  TO LONDON IN 14 DAYS Sydney, September 6. Keiih Anderson leaves to-day, Thursday, accompanied by Hitch-, cock, in an endeavour to fly to London in fourteen days, thus beating Hinkler's record. A.Bristol biplane with a Siddeley- Puma engine of 240 horse-power is being used.  IN 28 DAYS London And Back Flight Starts To-morrow SYDNEY, Sunday. It is the intention of the pro moters of the flight from Syd ney to London and back within 28 days to leave the Richmond aerodrome in the "Spirit of Australia" on Tuesday morning at dawn. Flying Officer Owen, of Point Cook, will accompany -Flying Officer Moir (pilot), and Mr. Frank Huxley (navigator wireless operator, and photo grapher), as relief pilot, and mechanic. There was an alteration in the ar rangements for the flight during the I week-end. It had been proposed to I depart on the 26,000 miles journey at daylight on Sunday, but tlle ; radio generator was not functioning .satisfac torily, and minor mechanical adjust Iments had also to be made. The outstanding .feature of the flight is that no risks are to be taken by the airmen, who are utilising a Ryan mono plane similar to the machino which Colonel Lindbergh piloted singlae hand ed across the Atlantic. The engine is a later model, however, graded at 220 horse power, and makes 1600 revolu tions per minute, The petrol consump tion is 10 miles to the gallon, while the storage capacity has been in creased by means of an extra tank to 350 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3500 miles. It is a land mna chine of an air endurance of from 20 to 24 hours. PETROL SUPPLIES The ground organisation has been completed, and the Shell Company has laid down petrol and oil supplies at aerodromes approximately 500 miles apart for the whole stage of the lengthy journey. A radio transmitting and re celving apparatus has been installed in the machine, and continuous communi cation with either Australian of London stations is. likely throughout the entire Journey. Flying Officer Moir said to-night that a start would probably be made at dawn on Tuesday. "Everything Is now in order," he said, "but we propose to make minor adjustments to the ma chine to-morrow, and thus be in readi ness for taking the air on the follow ing morning." -]To added that Flying Officer Owen, of l?oint Cook, would par ticipate in the flight. ROUTE OF FLIGHT It was stated to-night that the' route of the flight would be as follows:-Syd ney to Oodnadatta, 1100 miles; Oodna dattni to Wyndham, 1100 miles; W-ynd ham to Andir, 1500 miles; Amtlir to Victoria Point, 1500 miles; Victoria Point to Calcutta, 1350; Calcutta to Karachi, 1300 niles; Karachi to Bu shire, 1100 miles; Bushire to Ramleh, 1200 miles; Ramleh to Rome, 1t50 miles; Rome to London, 1250 miles. This distance, it is hoped, will be ac complished in niito or tenl days. Four or five days vwill be spent in London.  SYDNEY-LONDON RIGHT. RETURN TRIP IN 28 DAYS. Captain Hurley's Project. SYDNEY; Oct. 15.— From Sydney to London in ten days, and Sydney to Lon don and back in 28, days, is theobjective of the flight which Captain Frank Hurley and Flying Officer Moir will make m tne ±tyan monoplane Spirit* of Australia at an early date. The christening of the monoplane took place at the Richmond Aerodrome to day, and a luncheon in honour of the oc casion was afterwards held at the Royal Hotel, Richmond. 3Jr. T.'E. Rofe, who purchased the machine, said that he invested in it some of the money he had obtained from the Syd ney City Council for the resumption of his property in Macquarie-street. Sir James Murdoch, JI.Ii.C-, who is as sisting- in the financing 'of the flight, said that he was interested because he desired to see an improvement in the system of. communication between England and Aus tralia. Be believed that the best means of doing this was by commercial aviation. He advised the pilot (Flying Officer Moir) not to aim at any ' mock heroics in his en deavour to make a record flight to London, but to be careful and cautious, as by these methods the cause of aviation would be best served. Flying Officer Moir said that he would show the canniricss of a Scot and take all necessary precautions. He would make no promises before he 'left, but he hoped that they would be able to talk about some thing accomplished when they- came back. Captain Hurley expressed regret that he had had to go to America for the machine for the flight, but the fact was that there was no suitable British machine available. When he asked a British firm for a machine with an aerial capacity of 2,000 miles, he was laughed 'at. The best that cou'd be offered in Britain was a machine for £8,000 with an aerial capacity, of 900 miles. He was hopeful that when the British manufacturers saw this machine in. England, and realised that what was want ed _ in Australia was a machine capable of flying from one side of the continent to the other, they would begin to build aeroplanes and seaplanes to meet Australian require ments. The Spirit of Australia cost £3.700 and had a raase of more than 2.000 miles. Mr. W. A. Holman said that the .senti mental advantages of quick communication between England and Australia were incal culable in the matter of migration. Canada got the best from Britain because the people knew, that the distance was not more than eieht or. ten days and they had a knowledge of persons who went to Canada and did well and retumpd home on a visit. In the ease of Australia, they thought of relatives or acquaintances go ing out as if on a journey of exploration to an unknown conntry. . They ? knew of many people who left Great Britain, but of very few who returned. Even the visit of the Big Four showed that Australia was an unknown country to many people in Great Britain.' These commercial mag nates were out to explore Australia m much the same spirit as that which a missionary went out on an exploration through a cannibal country. That feeling would be removed if Australians of the present generation were able .to make quick and frequent visits, to Britain. Capacity of Machine. The Spirit of Australia is a Ryan mono plane, built on the same model as the machine in which Colonel Lindbergh flew across' the Atlantic, and the engine is % later , model, with greater power. It is graded at 220 h.p., and makes 1,600 revolu tions a minute. The petrol consumption is ten miles, to the gallon. The storage capacity has been increased by an addi tional tank to 350 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. The route to be followed will, in the main, bp *'iat taken by Sir Alan Cobham and Mr. i Hinkler, but it is proposed to make fewd night stops than either of those aviators. It is estimated that the aerial distance to be covered is 12,000 miles, and it is ex pected that on some days 2,000 miles will be covered. Flying Officer Moir said that by doing 1,200 miles a day, or about 12 hourc flying, it would be possible to make the journey from Richmond (X.S.W.) to Croy don (England) inside ten' days. The ground organisation has been com pleted, and oil and petrol supplies have been ..laid down at aerodromes approxi mately 500 miles apart for the whole jour ney. Wireless transmitting and receiving apparatus is being installed in the ma chine, and it is hoped that the aviators will be in constant communication with Australia or London for the whole of the flight. It is hoped to begin the flight early next week. Trial flights to-day were en tirely satisfactory. ? Flying OfHcer Moir, who has been grant ed a month's leave for the flight, had active service experience with Xo. 3 Squad ron of the Australian Flying Corps in France, and has since been attached to the Citizen Air Force at Richmond.  OFF TO LODON! 'THE SPIRIT OF AUSTRALIA' LEFT AT DAWN TO-DAY 'London in Ten Days !' SYDNEY, Tuesday. ] Moir, Owen, and Hurley, In 'The Spirit of Australia,' hopped off at 4.35 this morning, from the ; Richmond 'drome. They hoped . to reach Oodnadatta, 1100 miles, by 5 this afternoon, and be in London In ten days, and return In the same time, thus making new records. Good luck to 'em I At 3 a.m. the 'drome was the scene of much activity. A hundred people were present, including Ulm, who was In evening dress, having left a Sydney function in order to bid the trio farewell. The air was bitterly cold. Sir Neville Howso was present, and handed the Intrepid trio a letter from the Commonwealth Government to the High Commissioner In London. The machine came to rest In the grounds twice before finally leaving, then disappeared over the Sine Mountains.  LONG VOYAGE. Sydney to Ireland in 135 Days WHEAT BARQUE ARRIVES LONDON, May 1. The Swedish four-masted barque C. B. Pedersen has arrived at Queenstown with a full cargo of wheat from Sydney after a voyage of 135 days, IZt did not sight the Beatrice. The Herzogin Cecilie was first sighted near the Equator. It was dead calm and the vessels drifted to within half a mile of each other. Capt. J. H. Dahlstrom (of the C. B. Pedersen) rowed across, boarded the Her zogin Cecilic, and dined with the rival skipper. When a breeze sprang up the Herzogin Cecilie was to windward and got clear. - , ,  LONDON IN 14 DAYS. SYDNEY, Tuesday. Hinuier, speaking at a welcome in Adelaide, said Jie was considering the possibility of establishing a flyint? service between Australia and Great Britain for the general public. me juumcy woum occupy about fourteen days.  SYDNEY TO LONDON AND BACK IN 28 DAYS. The Spirit of Australia. WILL START NEXT WELK. SYDNEY, October Ii. I The monoplane Spirit of Australia, in which Captain I! irlry end Flying i'(Ticer Mon will attempt to fly from Sydney to Lindon and back in ¿8 dayfl, was chr'-teued today al tie "{'dimond aerodrome. A luncheon in honour of thc occasion was held later. Speaking at the luncheon, Sir James Murdoch, who assisted in financing thc flight, said lie believed that the best way to improve communications be- tween England and Australia was com- mercial aviation. Ile advised "Pilot Moir to be careful an I cautious in bia fight, as by these mclliodj the cause of aviation would be best eerved. Captain Hurley expressed regret thal he had to go to*Amelina for a machine for the flight, but when he asked a British firm for a machine, with an aerial capacity of 2000 miles, he was laughed at. The best that could be of- fered in Britain was a machine if or £8000, with «ii aerial capacity of »00 miles. He was hopeful that when British manufacturers saw this machine in England they would begin to build aeroplanes and seaplanes to suit Aus- tralian renuiremcuts. The Spirit of Australia cost £3700 and has a range of more (lian 2000 miles. Thc route to be followed by the fliers will, in the main, bc that taken by Sir Alan Cobham and Hinkler, but it is proposed to make fewer night stops Chan either of these aviators. It is estimated that the aerial distance to be covered is 12,000 miles, and it is ex- pected that some days 2000 miles will be covered. Flying Officer Moir said that by do- ing 1200 miles a day it would be pos- sible to make thc journey from Rich- mond tn England inside 10 days. The plane will carry wireless and will be in communication with Australia or England for the whole of thc flight. Trial flights today were entirely satisfactory, and it is hoped lo make a start next week.  : / IN 10 DAYS. | SYDNEY TO LONDON. ? ? ? SPIRIT OF AUSTRALIA. SYDNEY, October 15. From Sydney to London in 10 days, and Sydney to London and back in 28- days, is the objective of the flight which Captain Frank Hurley and Flying Officer Moir will make in the Ryan monoplane, Spirit of Australia, at an early date. The christening of the monoplane took place at the Richmond aerodrome to-day, and a luncheon in honour of the occasion afterwards was held at the Royal Hotel, Richmond. Mr. T. E. Role, who purchased the machine, said that he invested in it some ol the money he obtained from the Sydney City Council for the re- sumption of his property in Mac quarle-street. . Sir James Murdoch, M.L.C., who is assisting in the financing of the flight, said that he was interested because he desired' to see an improvement in the system of communication between Eng- land and Australia. He believed that the best means of doing this was by commercial aviation. He advised the pilot, Flying Officer Moir, not to ahn at any mock heroics in his endeavour to make a record flight to London, but to be careful and cautious, as by these methods the cause of aviation would be best served. Flying Officer Moir, in reply, said that he would show the canniness of a Scot, and take all necessary precau- tions. He would make no promises before he left, but he hoped they would be able to talk about something ac- complished when they came'back. CAPTAIN HURLEY'S REGRET. . Captain Hurley expressed regret that he had to go to America for the machine for the flight, but the fact was that there was no suitable British machine available. When he asked a British firm for a machine with an aerial rapacity of 2000 miles he was laughed at. The best that could be offered in Britain was a machine for £8000 with an aerial capacity of 900 miles. He was hopeful that when the British manufacturer saw this machine in England, and realised that what was wanted in Australia was a ma- chine capable of flying from one side of the continent to the other, they would begin to build aeroplanes and seaplanes to meet Australian require- ments. The Spirit of Australia cost £3700, and had a range of more than aO00 miles. SENTIMENTAL ADVANTAGES. Mr. W. A. Holman, speaking at the luncheon, said that the sentimental advantages of quick communication be- tween England and Australia were Incalculable. In the matter of migra- tion Canada got the best from Britain, as the people knew that the distance was not more than eight or ten days, and they had a knowledge of persons who Went to Canada and did well, and returned home on a visit. In the case of Australia they thought of relatives or acquaintances going out as if on a journey of exploration to an unknown country. They knew of many people who left Great Britain, but very few who returned. Even the visit of the Big Four showed that Australia was an unknown country to a great many persons in Great Britain. Those commercial magnates were out to explore Australia In much the same spirit as that in which a missionary went out on an exploration through a cannibal country. That feeling would be removed If Australians of the present generation were able to make quick and frequent visits to Britain. PROPOSED ROUTE. The Spirit of Australia, christened to-day by Mr. Rofe, Is a Ryan mono- plane, built on the same model as the machine in which Colonel 'Lindbergh flew 'across the Atlantic, and the engine Is a later model, with a greater power. It Is graded at 220 h.p., and makes 1600 revolutions a minute. The -petrol consumption is IO miles to the gallon. The storage capacity has Men increased by an additional tank to 250 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3000 miles.' The route to be followed in the main will be that taken by Sir Alan Cobham and Mr. Bert Hinkler, but It Is proposed to make fewer night stops than either of these aviators. It is estimated that the aerial distance to be covered is 12,000 miles, and it is expected that some days 2000 miles will be covered. Flying Officer Moir said that by doing 1200 miles a day, or about 12 hours flying, it "would be possible to make the journey from Richmond (N.S.W.) to Croydon (England) inside 10 days. The ground organisation has been completed. The Shell Co. has l&ld down supplies for the whole journey. The wireless transmitting and receiv- ing apparatus will be in constant com- munication with Australia or London for the whole of the flight. It is hoped to begin the flight early, next week. Trial flights to-day were entirely satisfactory. Flying Officer Moir, who has been granted a month's leave for the flight, had active service experi- ence with No. 3 squadron of the Aus- tralian Flying Corps in France, and since has been attached to the Citi- zen Air Force at Richmond.  FLIGHT TO ENGLAND Spirit of Australia Departure Fixed Machine Tested and Ready London in IO Days ! SYDNEY, October 29. The departure of the Spirit of Australia on the flight to London is now fixed for four o'clock to-morrow (Tuesday) morning. After tests to-day the Spirit of Australia was declared ready for the flight to England. The latest report on the weather was that the conditions were favourable. The chief pilot, Flying-officer Moir, and the second pilot, Flying-officer Owen, are enthusiastic about the fitness of the monoplane, with which it is hoped to reach London in 10 days, and in even less time if it is possible. Captain Frank Hurley will be the navigator, wireless operator, and photographer. The wireless apparatus, which was not satisfactory on Sunday morning, is now said to be in perfect order, and the airmen hope to be in communication with Australia or England for the whole of the journey. The Spirit of Australia is a Ryan monoplane similar to that used by Cap- tain Lindbergh on his flight across the Atlantic, but the engine is a later model, graded at 220 horse power. The pet- rol consumption is 10 miles to the gal- lon. The storage capacity has been increased to 350 gallons of petrol, which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. The monoplane is capable of remaining in the air for 24 hours under satisfac- tory conditions. Complete prepara- tions for the flight have been made along the route. The Shell Company has laid down supplies of petrol and oil at every 500 miles. The first stage o£ the flight will be from Richmond, Sydney> to Oodnadatta, 1,100 miles. After four or five days in England the airmen will fly back to Sydney, and they expect to land here within 28 days. IMPORTANT COMMISSION MESSAGE TO SIR G. RYRIE. The Minister for Home and Territor- ies (Sir Neville Howse) to-day indicat- ed that he was sending an important communication to the High Commission- er (Sir Granville Ryrie) by the Spirit of Australia, and that he hoped to re- ceive a reply within three weeks. Sir Neville was addressing members of the Constitutional Association, and was re- ferring to the air forces, when he stat- ed that he had been asked to go early this morning to Richmond to say a farewell to some pioneers who proposed to fly to England and back. "It concerns a matter of great Im- portance to Australia, this communi- cation," said Sir Neville, "and I ex- pect it to be of great value to me. "Whe- ther their effort falls or succeeds," Sir Neville continued, "it will prove what speedy communication means to Aus- tralia. When I came here 30 years ago travel between Great Britain and Australia was scarcely slower than it is to-day, a difference perhaps of a row days." PILOT OFFICER OWEN. LEAVE OF ABSENCE REFUSED. AIR BOARD'S EXPLANATION. MELBOURNE, October 29. Explaining the refusal of the Air Board to grant extended leave of ab- sence to Pilot Officer H. C. Owen to enable him to accompany Captain Frank Hurley on his flight to England, the Secretary of the Defence Depart- ment (Mr. M. L. Shepherd) said to- day that it cost the department a lot of money to train Owen! "We value his services too highly to allow him to go hopping off on a private venture, which, if successful, would probably re- sult in the Air Force losing him alto- gether," Mr. Shepherd said. "Under the regulations, an officer must remain in the Air Force for four years after ??having obtained his pilot's certificate. Owen has been attached to the Royal Australian Air Force for that length of time, but obtained his pilot's certificate only two years ago. The cost of his training to the depart- ment is estimated at £2,000. Owen's resignation haB not been received, and until it is, he is still a member of the Air Force. It would, therefore, be an offence for him to absent himself from duty without leave, and he could be arrested for desertion and court-mar tialled."  TEN DAYS. Sydney to London. ANOTHER VENTURE. It Is proposed to fly "The Spirit of Aus- tralia" monoplane from Richmond Aerodrome to the Croydon Aerodrome, outside Lohdon, within ton days, and to make tho return flight from Richmond to Croydon and back »Ithln 28 days. Statements to this effect were made at the christening of the machine at the Richmond Aerodrome yesterday, and later at a luncheon at the Royal Hotel, Richmond. Mr. T. B. Rofe, who purchased the machine, Btated that he lnvoBted in It eome of the money he got from the City Council for re- sumptions of his property In Macquarle stroet. Sir James Murdoch, M.L.C., who Is assist- ing In financing the venture, stated that ho did so because ho desired to have the system of communications betweon Australia and Lon- don improved, and he considered that the host means of doing so wa» by commercial aviation. He cautioned the pilot, Flylng Offlcor Moir, of the Australian Flying Corps, not to use any "mock heroics" In his endea- vour to mnke a record flight to London, but to use carefulness and caution, as by those moans ho would best serve the cause of civil aviation and of Australia. Flylng-OITIcer Moir Btated that he would show the "cnnnlness of the Scotchman" and use all necessary precautions. He would make no promises before he left, but he hoped to be nble to talk about "something accom- plished and something done" when be came hack. (Appluuse.) Mr. Frank Hurley expressod regret that they had to go te America for the mi-dhlne for the night, but the fact was that there was no suitable British machine available. When he asked a British firm for a machine with an aerial capacity of 2000 miles, he was laughed at. The best that could be offered In Britain was a machine for £8000, and then the aerial capacity was only 900 miles. He was hope- ful that when the British manufacturers saw this machine in England, and realised that what was wanted In Australia was a machine that was capable of flying from one side of the Continent to the other, they would bugin to build aeroplanes and seaplane« to meet Australian requirements. "The Spirit of Aus- tralia" cost £3700. and had a range of over 2000 miles. AVIATION BENEFITS INCALCULABLE j Mr. W. A. Holman, K.C., spoaklng at th« luncheon, said the sentimental advantages ot quick communication between Sydney and London wore Incalculable. In the màttor öf inlgratlon, Canada got the very beBt frOru Brltain, as the people knew that the distance wttB not more than eight or ten days, and they had a knowledge of persons who went to Canada and did well, and returned home 6b à visit. In tho cnse of Australia, they thought of relatives or acquaintances going out d8 If on n Journey of exploration to an unknown country. They knew of mrtny People who loft Britain for Australia, but of very fe* who roturned, Even the visit Of the "Biß Four" showed that Australia waa largoly a!i unknown country to a great many Britons. These commercial magnates Were out to ox ploro Australia In much the same spirit as that in which a missionary went on an ex- ploration through a cannibal Country, (Ap- plause.) That feeling would be .obviated It Australians of the present generation were able to make quick artd frequent visita to Britain. There were many eminent Austra- lians In Britain doing good work for Australia, but the misfortune was that, in the main, they were men of a past generation, and wert largely out of touch with the alms and aspira- tions of the present generation of Australians. Nothing can be a grentcr benefit to the Commonwealth than that the distance to the centres of civilisation shall be reduced in time as much as la possible They hnd recently had a number of pioneering nviatlon feats, and this was going to add ahother to the many successes In aviation that had been achieved by Australians. The machine was the best that could be got for the purpose, and it was to be piloted by one of the most cap- able flying officers In the A.F.C. (Applause.) Other speakers at the luncheon were Mr. David R. Hall. Squadron-Leader Lukis (the Commanding Officer At Richmond), Mr. Geoff- rey Hughes (president of the New South Wales Aero Club), and Mr. Black, of the Shell Company. DESCRIPTION OF THE MACHINE. The Spirit of Australia, christened yester- day by Mr. Rofe, Is a Ryan monoplane, built on the same model as the machine In which Colonel Llndherg flew across the Atlantic. It Is of the «arno design as the one in which Hood and Moncrieff endeavoured to fly from Richmond to New Zealand, but has a larger wing Spread and greater petrol onpa city. The engine la a later model than that used In Colonel Llndbcrg's machino, and bafi greater power. It is graded at 220 h.p., and makes 1G00 revolutions per minute. The petrol consumption Is ten milos to the gallon. The storage capacity has been Increased by means of an extra tank to 350 gallons, which will give nn aerial range of 3B00 miles. The route to be followed will, In the main, be that flown by Sir Alan Cobham and Mr. Bert Hinkler, but there will be fewer night stops than either of these aviators made. The aerial distance to be covered, It Is estimated, will be slightly under 12,000 miles, and It is anticipated that some days a distance of 2000 miles may bo covered. This, however, will only be In the Case of "long hops," when the weather Is suitable, and certain "danger" iones have to be obviated. Mr. Rofe yeBterday expressed the hope that the journey either way would be done In nlhe days, but Flying Officer Moir stated ho did not think that humanly possible, as time would have to be allowed for him to eat and sleep. By doing 1200 milcB per day, or nbbtlt twelve flying hoursi it Will be possible to do the Journey from Richmond to Croydon Inside ton days. The ground organisation has been completed, and the Shell Company has laid down oil and petrol supplies at aerodromes approxi- mately 600 miles apart for the whole stage of the Journey. The ease with which oil and fuel may be replenished will provent unduly heavy loads being carried, unleas on the days when an abnormally long distance Is to he covered, and even then it will be possible to land at Intervals for suppllos without undue waste of time. A wireless transmitting and receiving ap- paratus Is being inatallod In the machine, and It Is expected that the aviators will be in constant communication with either Austrnlln Or London radio stations during the entire Journoy. The present Intentions aro that the flight shall be commenced early next week. The offioors of the Air Fore« at Richmond have, with the permission of the Minister for Defence, put the machine together, have tested It out, and found that it works entirely satis- factory In every detail. That was demon- strated In the trial flights which took place yesterday. The reports of the different avia- tors who have flown between Sydney and London havo been made available for the Information of Flying Officer Moir by the Civil Aviation Department. "It rt.ll be like following a beaten track," said Flying Officer Moir yesterday. He Hna seen active service with the No. 3 Squadron of the A.F.C. In France, and has slnCo been attached to the Citizens' Air Force at Rich- mond, and has been granted a month's leave of absence for the purpose of flying to London and back.  ATTEMPT TO FLY FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 14 DAYS. Tlie Bristol Tourer aeroplane in which Lieut Keith. Anderson will leave Mascot this morning for England.  SECOND AUSTRALIAN CONTEMPLATES LONG, LONE FLIGHT n ' COULD START FROM BRITAIN IN TEN DAYS, SAY FRIENDS Westland Widgeon 'Plane Purchased Capable of Thousand Miles' ! Non-stop, Run HOLIDAY AMONG SYDNEY RELATIVES ! ("Pictorial" Special Service) (; LONDON, Thursday. Another Australian, a native of New South Wales this time, is contemplating a lone flight from England to Australia. This is Wing Commander Edye R. Manning, now second in command of R.A.F. depot at Oxbridge, who served in the war with the British Air Force. 7 HEN in terview'ed, Commander Manning declined to give details, and said it was uncertain whether he (would make the attempt, but probably :?would announce his decision next .iweek. Inquiries elsewhere disclose that Commander Manning has made exten- ' sive preparations forrthe flight, which he proposes to undertake for the pur pose of using his service furlough for re-visiting his relatives in Sydney. London friends assert that Man ning's arrangements have reached such a stage that he could start in ten days. He visited Sir Granville Ryrie, at Aus tralia House, to-day. It is understood that he planned the trip before Hinkler started on his. The airman recently discussed with the ciyil aviation authorities several routes, including Hinkler's, and an other via Turkey. If he takes the Mediterranean -North Africa route he may travel by France, Corsica, Sar dinia, and Tunis, instead of Kerne, Malta, and Tripoli. Thereafter he would follow Hinkler's route to Dar win and Sydney. Commander Manning has bought a Westland Widgeon two-seater light monoplane, fitted with a British Cirrus No. 2 single engine. The 'plane weighs, empty, 8501b., with a normal allowance for pilot and a passenger of 4201b. It has a maximum speed of 100 miles an hour, and, with extra tanks instead of a passenger, could carry sufficient pet rol for 1000 miles. fianced to Captain Chambers, general manager of British Airships, Ltd. The company has inaugurated air- taxis, and is charging 9d a mile. The "Daily Mail" says that Mr. F. P. Young, the English pilot and inven tor, is advertising for passengers for a trans -Atlantic flight oh July 1 in a multiple-engine flying boat seating 20, and which is being constructed to Young's design. The venture is being financed by a Singapore business man to the extent of £45,000. . Mystery 'Plane Locked in Hangar WASHINGTON, Thursday. A new Ballanca mystery 'plane is locked up in a hangar at Boiling Field, groomed for attempts at altitude and endurance records. All details are being kept secret, including .the name of the owner. Tired of fighting the ice and cold, George Haldeman and Eddie Stinson went to Florida last week, and this morning started an endurance flight. Aeroplane Expedition to New Guinea ("Pictorial" Special Service.) WASHINGTON, Thursday. Preparations are nearing completion for an aeroplane expedition to New Guinea on behalf of the TJ.S. Depart ment of Agriculture. A search will be made for primi tive types of sugarcane for experimen tal use by the department. The 'plane will be piloted by Richard Peck; who was one of the pilots of the expedition under the direction of Dr. Matthews Sterling, of the Smithsonian Institute, which studied race pygmies in Nassau Mountain. The machine is scheduled to leave New York on Saturday, and will be flown first to Washington and then to San Francisco, for shipment to Aus tralia. THE TYPE OF LIGHT PLANE to be used by Wing-Commander Manning in bis proposed England- to- Australia flight — a Westland Widgeon.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 13 DAYS The route which Mr Keith Ander son (inset) proposes to follow in his endeavor to beat Mr Bert Hinkler's record air trip of 16 days between England and Australia. Mr Ander son purposes to try to cover the dis tance in 13 days. The shaded section of the route indicates the course taken by Hinkler.  IN 14 DAYS. " I ?- " I FLIGHT TO LONDON. --? MR. KEITH ANDERSON TO MAKE ATTEMPT., SYDNEY, September S. Mr. Keith Anderson will leave Mascot at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, jn conjunction wit Mr. Hitchcock, in an endeavour to fly to london in 14 days, and thus beat Squadron-Leader "tinkler's record. Mr. Anderson has achieved some notable flights during the past 11 years. He stated that he started with the Royal Flying Corps in September, 1027, and had considerable flying ex- perience on active service and in Eng- land with the Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Air Force. In 1922 he Joined the Western Australian Airways, Ltd., and for two years was pilot on their North-west air mail route. Squadron Leader Kingsford Smith also was a pilot on the same service at the same time. Mr. Anderson left the Western Australian Airways, Ltd., in March, 1924, and in January, 1927, purchased from the Western Australian Airways, Ltd., the 'plane that he is using on his present flight to England, and flew It from Perth to Sydney, in just over three days. Mr. Hitchcock, who on that occasion accompanied him, is again with him on the present flight. as comrade, engineer, and general assistant. In company with Mr. Hitch- cock and Mr. C. C. Vivian, Mr. Ander- son made the first commercial flight around Australia, for Messrs. Georgs Bond and Co., Ltd., during June and July, last year, this trip taking under It days. To date he has over 1G00 hours flying to his credit in many different types "f machines. About 900 hours have b:en done on Bristol tourers, and other types flown Include the Moth and three englned Fokker, Southern Cross. A Bristol tourer coupe biplane, fitted with a Siddeley Puma engine of 210 h.p" is being used for the flight to England. This machine is somewhat of a veteran, having done over 1300 hours flying on the Western Australian airways,mail route before Mr. Ander- son purchased it in January, 1927. r is a tribute to the workmanship of this adaptation from the war type known as the Bristol fighter, designed in 1916, that such an old British 'plane should be capable of attempting such a flight. The engine, which, of course, has not had anything like so long a period of service as the 'plane, is in thoroughlv good condition. Before en paging with Mr. Anderson in the flights already referred to Mr. Hitch- cock was for over five years a valued engineer of Western Australian Air- ways. Ltd., and enjoys as the result, of all his aviation engineering, the unbounded confidence of the Depart- ment of Civil Aviation. The story of Mr. Anderson's present flight to England has been secured by the Australian Press Association, and h8 vill despatch messages, describing his progress and experlenres from each of his landing nlaces. These will ap- pear in the "Brisbane Courier."  LIGHT OF OTHER OAYS Sydney Old Boys Gather SIR J. FAIRFAX PRAISED LONDON, July 22. Sydneians' memories of their famous old school and the many famous Aus tralians it has produced, were recalled this evening,- when a distinguished gath ering of Sydney Grammar School old boys, under the auspices of the London branch of the Old Sydneians' Union, held their annual reunion dinner at the Les Gobelins restaurant. A former headmaster, Mr. Sloman, who is now headmaster of the Tonbridge School, was president, and those present included a schoolmaster (Mr. R. H. Bode), an ex-schoolmaster (Sir William Vicars), Drs. Brearley, Levick, Hum phreys, and Avid, and probably the oldest old boy. Dr. Camac Wilkinson, who first attended the Grammar School in 1867, and is now a noted Harley-street specialist; also Messrs. Gritton and Barr Brown. Mr. Sloman, In toasting 'The School and the Old Sydneians' Union,' paid a touching tribute to tne late president, Sir James Fairfax. He said: 'I learned to have the greatest affection and gra titude for him. He was a shy but sin cere man, and did great service to the school. Nothing expresses the spirit of Sir James Fairfax better than his cable acknowledging ours wishing success to the Sydney Old Sydneians' annual din ner. Mr. Sloman read Sir James Fairfax's cable, which said: 'Many thanks for your kind greetings, which the Sydney Old Sydneians return In full measure. Hope you have a joyous dinner. Take care of Brearley and Bode, who are very valuable to the school.' The gath ering acknowledged the tribute in silence. Dr. Wilkinson, referring to 'my won derful old school.' said: 'After these years my freshest memories are the In fluence of the personality of the masters of the old school, which taught me courage, perseverance, honesty, and all the elements that make a useful man.' GRAMMAR SCHOOL'S PROGRESS Mr. Bode said there had been much talk of the school being nothing like It was in the good old days.* He believed the school had not gone back, but had gone forward. The only reason it did not appear so good was that others had become better than they were. The Grammar School nowadays does not get the pick of the brains of the country, but, comparatively, our examination passes are higher than ever. There is no need to apologise for the Grammar School.' Dr. Brearley. alluding to the great value to the community of schools like the Grammar School, said it would be a calamity for Australia If these schools Dasssd out: yet. when he saw the schools In England, many adequately and some enormously endowed, he realised more than ever that something must be done in Australia, where there was practically no endowment. Dr. Brearley said that personally he was opposed to moving the Grammar School from its present posi tion, where It had not outlived Its use fulness; moreover, with the developmen' of Sydney, there was a great futur there. 