 ' AIR MAILS. » Sydney to London and Return. REDUCTION TO 56 DAYS. In order that the Karachi-London air null service might be utilised to provide « morl expeditious channel for correspondence K I tween Australia and Great Britain, the P«tsl Department has secured the consent oi British Post Office to an alteration in the time- table of the service under which the mau .plane will in future leave Karachi every Tua- j day instead of Sunday. j The new time-table permits the air maia from Australia to be landed at Colombo and} conveyed to Karachi, where they will imme-1 dintely connect with the aerial service, ano, reach London seven days later. This Innova- tion marks an Important step forward In w acceleration of mails between Australia an England, as the correspondence by air « « be delivered five days earlier than MUIO otherwise be possible. i Moreover, this correspondence wII ot > llvcred the day before the weekly mail tor AUS tralla closes for London, thus enabling » W to be despatched a week earlier than «ne» the ordinary mall is used. If one dayl- J j sufficient to permit of the reply bein, pared it can still be forwarded two day.'ia j by the London-Karachi air service, and' , then connect with the steamer at co.on. ( reaching Australia at the same time a hud been sent by ordinary mail. nca0 For the present the service will Derest rica» to mail matter addressed to the United ^ r_»^,lBÄ.WtÄS,S,£SS?«ii5.ew. 'T Scared by the Postal Departí shows that before the establishment o. Adelaide-Perth air mail service Co days « before it was possible to |e&lt;fr^Äans reply to a letter sent fromi Sydncj. ine 6J continental air service reduced the time days, and now It Is possible te¡get a rw ,] 50 days It is pointed out thnit the u-r the Karachi service for the reply *«"»",_, accelerate its arrival in Australia, but » { give an additional two days in Lonaon j The'flrst mall using both the A*W*jW* J and the Karachi-London air sorvlccs will In Sydney on December 13.  '^^?mmgmmm- \ ?: ?. ;, ?'.?-.. v — I ? O ' . ?''' ???-??. :*E\T # 9Wfj$S®i, CROSS. fiJTURfc PtANS : OF .AVlAtDRS. '?-..'? ? , LONDON. W«Widiy. . TheSouttiefD Cross reached Goy-lan aerodrome it 12(1 Ais afternodn, 12 dsy», 21 tours. i$ ininHes *ftef i leaving' this' Au's -trabaiijDMst, ^r*y rejftablisluni an^irreajrd'-fo.r'tliew^fsinbus ' airmen,' for tneit famous airmen ,hevc bei'tf n^' Hlnklcr's .tiine. The .; generaT tonfcimit * opinion . is tVeh. Ae' Utter '« -epiicli iniSunjjjft'igJit is jn bo w$famfa!i&\el. When the famous madiine Toaredin &i . ' dutance,- escorted by two midge f'^planes,1 -Wtlh ? tin; wall of cement . Covering t£e. landing, ground datdingly ! 'lit up by the' brilhaht sun iMne, there were only 'about 100 penons ..present. ? Jli^re was a - eomettlikl ouriout tilence, but this -might be - explained* by the in -tiTes't' -in the' famous niiciine and tile' fact tbht tte majority were eiperienced in. the aviation wofli'f^Wjenth6'jna«9iiheiiras'about to . Udd^a.wOBi'.jjtoJai.^ie »ilen?e saying ?''Where' taVe they come from 7' Hie Ausjraiians preient^egarded tte question with smil ing afliuiemefrt. ^TJie Southern Croat -very shortly circled the aero drome and, turning on fts-side. the' .'plane,' icintillaling . suddenly, ' swooped fdown spectacularly, vanishing; beh'uid the' banfea'r, then rinnjf lip and' landing on' bumpy .ground a sligbt distance from the reglrtir |uii£ng rtinwaji 'With the pro'pellors throbbing, .the aerov 1 dromii firfojfeet' ru'^ied and graiAed tne'Svihgs and safely assisted . the Tnojioplarie towaMs' the cemenl landing^ .ground. The spectators hurriedlowapds ttie 'plane, but they. were in no way demonstrative. 'An Au^raiian endeavoured to failed cheer, but there was ho re sponse. Kingifoifd Smith, Um «nc|ieV crew quickly 'walked to a nearby Aote], -where preumen bciiegfd the airmen. Even dvfring iflieir lunch', tfe^ 'ikisimen' Surged bVouM Jftetajle, while Smith and { Wrfl -luptim a' funning ?oonjperselion ,w1|ile relishing a Eye course meal. .S^jith said 'I did not contract, to give trie story to any par ' li-3jilar. ntwipajwr. TTiat caused muth- trouble in' Australia.' He eeemeo grafified with the flight/biifdld rifat volunteer comment. ''ifcaSel^.^ichate an «ijra«nt'.5j^jfcy 1o'' AMb^urne air service, 'i am also most interested in the inauguration of -he Karachi— Aus- tralia tervjee.' He added 'smiUngly 'that that was a subject for iriVricate and mort careful negotiiflibn. '^Wried the Australian Press ? 'r'epresentative was' leaving fte hpte1,1 he , overheard a group of men 'dilcuiiihg the arrival. One:«aid*'I lei] .you they flew rropi Aiis . . trajja,.'' , Anotlfer (Tepljed 'They ore from America.' , Another voice ^qUBTHl'^6fil5 are-ttjey, anyway ? I 4iet they are. British, because if they .wire. Americans jhere wbalS rik've'lieen 1 00,000 welcomers.' ?nus.isipbssibfyrfiie to. the meagre newspaper .details of 'the progress .of the flight .since it tiegan. /Standing fdetertea in the centre of the raero^bme7 ft-T-So(fthefn Crbts is ilie a giant having accomplished a'hfifcu[ean,tasl;! ^eirty a policeman patrols, 'Within two hours 'bf i»he .ma'diiiie «, arrival the aerodrome was deserted.  'PLANE READY | Southern Cross for London ? ' IN 13 DAYS - SYDNEY. Wednesday. Fitted with three new ' propellers, j specially armored to stand up to the assault of monsoonal rains over Java and Burma, and the hail and ice over Alpine valleys, the Southern Cross is In perfect condition for the attempt of Squudron-lcuder Klngsford Smith and Flight-lieutenant Ulm to lly from Australia to London in 13 days. v ? The. real attempt on the fastest time will begin from Wyndhain, and, according to present plans, the filers aim to leave from Richmond on Feb ruary 28. ? ?  THE: SOUTHERN CROSS ? ON LAST BIG HOP^TO LONDON MAY BEAT RECORD 'TWO DAYS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE' SYDNEY GETS RADIOS REAVING Rome at dawn to-day, the Southern Cross is expected to reach London in the afternoon. The record for the eight — 16 dayi — will thiu be reduced. At 2.27 pm. the Amalgamated Wireless station at La Peroute picked up direct tignaU from the Southern Crou shortly after the 'plane left Rome. The actual menage as transmitted ivat:— 'Here Southern Crots bound London from Rome. We are heading up toward Genoa then out over the Gulf of Genoa towards Monaco.' A message at 3.10 p.m. stated: — 'We are patting the island of Elba dote on the starboard side.' 'A'ruu' Special HOME, Tuesday. ^'Ki, niaw rtitiicd Athens from liigdad ct 7 o'clock on Monday night, and left again lor Rome this morning. reach Ing here at 2.35 this afternoon. To-morrow's hop, from Rome to Lon don, Is about 1200 miles. Interviewed on his arrival at Rome this afternoon. Squadron-Leader Klngs ford-Smlth said he estimated they were a good two days ahead of schedule. They had had a difficult thp across (he Adriatic Sea and across the moun tain/) between Brlndlsl and Naples, wficic they met strong head winds. liny ThU map ?hows Che places mentioned In tbe Southern Cross message*. thought they would have to refuel at Naples, but found they had sufficient petrol to enable them to proceed to Home. The crew of the Southern Cross was met at the aerodrome by Count dl Uu'ul lant, representing Slgnor Balbo, the Italian Minister for Air. 'MACHINE TOO HEAW 'We are tired, but fit,' Squadron Lcader Klngsford-Smllli told an Inter viewer. 'I'd do It all over again If ll were necessary, but If I had to repeat the trip I would use ft lighter machine. 'The EouUiem Cross Is extremely heavy, weighing when fully loaded moie tliaa six and a half tons. The majority of Uklng-off grounds. If wet or sandy, cannot carry that weight. 'When taking off at Calcutta, ire struck i bamboo pole, placed there oy some stupid native. 'We encountered very hot weather at Rangoon and Bagdad. This caused u-.e engines to overheat, and engine trouble caused us to take shorter bops than we had Intended.' ?We were delighted to meet our old friend dn Plnedo, whom we first met In Australia.' The Southern Cross looks like a weather-beaten windjammer. The crew retired early to-night. In order to be Ircsh for the last great stage ol their flight to-morrow. WILL RETLBV TO HOME Prominent men In the aviation and motoring world entertained tbe crew of the Southern Cross at luncheon at Lll torlo airport. Responding to the toast ol his health. Kingston! Smith said he had never seen a better-equipped airport He appre ciated the reception, and would take an early opportunity of returning to Rome. gamated Wireles.- engineers, who erected a special aerial Bnrl receiver.  ' "NO STUNTING" WILL BE MGSFORD SMITH'S, j WATCHWORD. . . SOUTHERN CROSS WILL ATTEMPT 13 DAYS' FUGHT ' FROM AUSTRALIA TO LONDON. &lt; \ ; -i s 1 . ' 0 — ; — ri Much Night Flying Is Involved. > 1 SYDNEY, Wednesday. "No stunting" will be the watchword of Kingsforcl Smith and Ulm " " when they hop off from Richmond aerodrome on February . 28 in an attempt to fly to London in 13'rdays. , > .. Fitted with three new propellers specially armoured -to stand upto- ' ; \ , the assault iof the monsoonal rains over': Jaya: and Burma: and ;;' j .the haiLand ice over the Alpine Vall; :he:;;& J is in perfect order for the; attempt. , - 1 1 rnHE real attempt on .the fastest j -.time' will begin, from- Wyndham, ; and, acordlng to the present " plans, i;! ' the flyers air to leave Richmond on February 28- No1' other machine that has yet- made the flight) did: even a fraction of the night . flying that; tho schedule of '.. the ;historic,,t>lue monoplane will in volve. , ./_/- , i v „ r "NO STUNTING." ' ' The flight will be arduous, but "no . stunting" is. again the watchword of Smith; and Ulm. --. . .v Litchfield, .their navigator/ has the whole' of the "'course plotted,- and' Mc- , Williams., the wireless ' man. has a full list, of radio stations and call . signs. : - !' ' ; - Smith said today that In bis opinion the flight hold only two hazards. The first was that heavy rains at Wynd-- ham might delay the start, and there t was a possibility that the 'plan© would have to face much rain , prid savage; tropical storms over Java; and: hen to the nortbjjvest of the island they had to ' bo wary in dodging 12,000 feet of mountain peaks.. ; 1 ;; /v;/;; . ; V ' X'- . A; big petrol load would not al low the machine to cllinb.' over ,12iOOO fee \ and special care wuld have, to be taken at night. ;; There was a possibility of worying storms: as .far as Calcutta. : but after Baghdad It' looked like "plain sailing." Given perfect conditions, that would permit the Southern Cross to lift the maximum tietrol load, ns she did n> Barfing Sands,' Hawaii, .they hoped' to fly .nonstop from Baghdad to London. MANY HAZARDS. " ' It- waSj problematical whetiter" - they would -be ' able do1 achieve that ,a®iji- tlon; because' of : possible yloienfea- tler . over'Europeand the hazards of the1, Alpine croBBing, where' . peeks thrust up 15,000 'feet. y -ThosefactqremightcaufsethWH :.o| ; land' iat ; ; Rome; and >, fly/through;:. the Aiplne. passes by daylight. l TakitliiOO:? 40: , gallons , 'of oil; at Wyndhf.,' thje 'flyers' hope tb speed noh-stbp tb'ISinga- pore. . / ' ' XXXX -'- v-"'- '? : Their agent has reported thet , Vicr tn'rla Point" Is eht.irnlv unsuitable!: as a landing ground', for such. a large: ma- NOW FOB LONDON! The' fam ous Southern Cross which BOon wlll' attempt a' 13 days' flight from A ustralia to London.' , chine. .. If headwinds and / adverse weathor is struck, -Kalldgati will be an intermediate halt; ;'-: POOR LANDING AT SINGAPORE. ' Singappre has a' poor landing: ground as 800 feet of it is an uphill slope: If the : f plane can make, the- Jiest - of r thls 1100 gallons' of petrol a non-stop dash to Rangaonin.Burm'A is : planned. There ;. permission-- has. been granted for: the flyers;, tpi, land on the new racecourse, which is 2500 feet long.. The : flyers 'propose to fly non-stop from; Rangoon v to Allahabad, -rest for ;a' -day/ and push on -non-stop across India to Karachi." ; ;> 'Calcutta: is - an intermediate stop , if tako-off .condition's prevent tho /plane from' picking "up ' enough v petrol. r. ; ! With . 1200 - aallons '.'of ' anfrlt .at Karachi, they hope to make 'Bagh- j dad1 In- one-hop.' ; '>,«  TO LONDON IN 13 BAYS! SOUTHERN CROSS FLYERS LEAVE SYDNEY Sluggish Take-off in 'Dead' Air ; SYDNEY, Today. . : At' 10.46 o'clock this mbrning Squadron-Leader Kingsf ord Smith, Flighttieot. C. T. P. Ulm, Lient. H. A. Litchfield (navigator), and Lieut. T. W. McWilliam (wireless operator) left Richmond aerodrome in the Southern . Cross on the first stage of their flight to London. ' . They hope to accomplish this in 13 .days, but declare that they are , not aiming to break the record established by Squadron-Leader. Hinklfx. ?,-i'vTp ^Wyndham*. a distance. «f 1,860 miles, wilT be ;their first objec .^tifli^iig^ ??',/?/;??? U; * ' AMionghweakraieaby.il severe attack %f ioSaenza, Squadron Leader Kingeford Smith again r«-^ed?i»BB^f^ -iaretei^pHot-ijy the - - magnificent way in which hefliaodled Ae machine under conditions that were -all. against a satibfacUSry tabe^pff. .. ? From * there they will begin jtrithin a couple of days the long flight to ^England. 'We are not on a special recordbreak ing trip,' Squadron Leader. Bongsford Smith said today, 'but we have business in London, and it seems only reasonable that the most suitable way for) us to travel is by aeroplane. - 'We will go as fast as we can on the trip, but not wholly and solely frith the. object of an attack on the record of Squad ron Leader Hinkler.' 'I am much more worried £bout my son's health than I am about the hazards of the flight generally/' said Mrs. Kings ford Smith. 'He has been very ill dur ing the past few days, and on Monday his temperature was 104. I believe that he was still - running a temperature when the flight began.' : '*I have the greatest confidence In the ultimate success of the journey*. None of us believes that it holds the risks of the Pacific flight. Our main anxiety is Charlie's . health. ? That is worrying me greatly;' Four hundred people cheered the crew c£ the Southern Cross on their way. Nine, planes followed the big Fokker almost as far as the foothills of the Blue Moun tains. Fifty cars and nine aeroplanes from Mas cot landed the spectators at the aerodrome more than an hour before the great flight started. Squadron-Jjeader Smith, Flight-Lieut. C. T. P. Ulm, and their gal lant companions, Lient. T. W. McWilliams (wireless operator) and Lieut. H. A. Litch field (navigator) were showered with good wishes and mascots. Women sought ex citedly to pin rosettes and flowers to the tunics of the fliers, who were followed about by an admiring crowd. Scores of people asked the fliers to take packages and letters to England. They would easily have filled the cabin of the radio operator and navigator. Among the letters which were packed in Flight-Lieut. Ulm's case was one convey ing greetings from Lord Stonehaven (Gov ernor-General) to Mr. L..S. Amery (Domi nions Secretary). The fliers also carried a personal introduction to the Prince of Wales. _... The air was dead when the plane was wheeled from the hangar' at 9.50 o'clock. Heavy, watery clouds hung over Richmond. The three Wright-Whirlwind engines of the plane were started at 10.15 o'clock, and they ran for half an hour before the plane taxied toward the eastern side of the aerodrome. Part of this time was occupied by the fliers giving farewell messages, ; gramo SQUADRON-LEADER KINGSFORD SMITH, usfco tctih his companions of the. Southern. Cross, has started on his flight to London. SQUADRON-LEADER KINGSFORD SMITH, usfco tctih his companions of the. Southern. Cross, has started on his flight to London. phone recording, and the remainder listen ing, to the beat of the engines, until the - rhythm told that they were, running well. ? At 10.35/ when the engines had. reached the maximum roar, the gale- from the pro pellers almost blew girls and little' chil- dren away. The Southern. Cross rose rery slowly. . Those -who had seen the plane start on- previous flights remarked that she did1 not lift into the air with the same elasticity as 'before. ' The Southern Cross was turned to the west, but still mounted very slowly. The humidity and lack of breeze made the take-off with 800 gallons of petrol an in tricate task. - Nine planes followed, but only the Can berra was able to keep up with her great speed. In this plane was Mrs. Ulm. (Interviews with the womenfolk of the airmen appear on Page 17.) ' * EARLY DAWN ON GOOD FRIDAY found this fisherman, a solitary angler, at a point of -vantage, on -v wharf at Outer Harbor, taking advantage of the quiet in the hope of catching something tempting in Lenten ? ' fare. EARLY DAWN ON GOOD FRIDAY found this fisherman, a solitary angler, at a point of -vantage, on -v wharf at Outer Harbor, taking advantage of the quiet in the hope of catching something tempting in Lenten ? ' fare.  EMPIRE AIR ROUTE London-India—6 Days] (BY WIRE) Sydnny, Monday Evening. A cable from London states .that | Imperial Airways will open ra Api a five-thousands EmpiTe route which will bring India within six days of I London. . | The route will terminate -fit Karachi, hut it is proposed to extend 11 to Chi- j cutta, and then via Singapore to Aus tralia. ■ ! J4,. J  I Bound for London THE SOUTHERN CROSS DEPARTS -« TRIP EXPECTED TO TAKE THIRTEEN DATS SYDNEY. Saturday. The Southern Cross started from Richmond aerodrome at 10.46 o'clock this morning on Its journey to Lon- don, which ls expected to take 13 days. It is expected that they will make a non-stop run to Wyndham for the first stage. Before leaving, the aviators broad- cast messages. Squadron-Leader Kingsford Smith said: "We have only a n.atter of two or three minutes be- fore we take off, so I have not much time to make a speech to you. It is fine to ?'see so many of you good folk here to speed us on our way, and when we are sitting up in thf sun it will be something tto think about In a mo ment th«2"Southern Cross will be but a speck to you, and we shall be on our way to the Old Country If the bus behaves as it did on the last flights. 1 have no doubt about our mnklng Qu'- objective. We will win through, and i hope we will achieve something whlcn will contribute towards the linking ap of the Empire by air. commun! cation!: and, incidentally, do something for Australia. Cheerio, ail of you. and many thanks for the wonderful send off." "My partner. Kingston! Smith, has told you of our hopes and prospects,'' saia Flight-Lieut. C. T. P Ulm. "lean only tell you that for the future glory and success of this great country. Ido sincerely hope that the good, wishes showered on our little party will come to fruition by a successful landing in the little island the Motherland, 12,000 miles away, thereby strengthening the bonds of friendship and bringing nearer the time when lt will be day.? only, and not weoks, that divide us from the hub of the world. The South- ern Cross ls in splendid condition, and we look forward to a successful Jour- ney." Lieut T. H. Mcwilliam said: "My chance of telling you of the prospects will begin when I start tapping the key. so, till then, all the he?t" Lieut. H. A. Litchfield said: "Given good visibility and the best of lucie, the Southern Cross is good enough to lap the world Kingsford Smith said that they were not out to break Bert Hlnkler's record, but they had business in London, and the plane was the only suitable way to travel. A big crowd saw the departure. Se- veral planes circled overhead. Smith and Ulm were informed im- mediately before their departure that Lord Stonehaven regretted that cir- cumstances did not permit of the pre- sentation, pf the Air Force Cross be- fore tliey left It would be made when they reached .London, probablj by King George. . The filers'carried a wreath from thi Returned Soldiers' League. This wjl be placed on the Cenotaph In London The propellers were tipped with metal to resist severe storms. This work was ? done at the RAJ. work- shops at Randwick, and at almost the last moment the Air Board sent wire- less messages to the Randwick shops and the Richmond aerodrome that 5s. per hour overtime was still due for the work. Smith and Ulm offered to present the« Southern Cross to the War Museum, but the Defence Department reply wai a mere formal acknowledgment of thc offer. Kingsford Smith was not fully re- covered from an eight-day bout with influenza. Reports tell of the plane having passed the Darling and Warrego Riven on the westward journey.  WOOL CLIP RACE. SYDNEY TO LONDON, 32 DAYS. A NEW RECORD. . ¡ DUNKIRK, October 23. I The'Port Alma won the race from1 'A S^tffVéjr with'^hc-fipst' cargo-of thc 1 . ne.WL"wOoi Jöh*}).''> Sh*"'left'-' Svdnev . ''TÍttipa'AT > X^fth the-^MMlnilinsi." T.-oiiiw r 'îm'd '"^e'nie'ràtte .'. rfifá-'1 -cnniplMwl tltc ? '^Voyage 'in thc record time ol 32 days.  LONDON- BOUND. SOUTHERN CROSS LEAVES. Thirteen Days' Project. SYDNEY, Saturday. - ? Squadron - Leader Kingsford Smith and Flight-Lieut C. T. P. Ulm left Richmond aerodrome at 10.46 o'clock this morning in the Southern Cross on the flight to Wyridham (1,860 miles). From there they will begin within a -couple of days the long flight to Eng land. - With the. aviators are Lieut. H. A. Litchfield (navigator), and Lieut T. W. McWilliam (wireless operator). The aviators aim to reach London in 13 &lt;iays, although they claim that their object is not to break the record established' . -by Squadron Leader Hinkler.  RACE. SY-DNEY TO LONDON, 32 DAYS. A' NEW RECORD. DUNKIRK. October 53.' ^Tlue.JPoiJ Alnw-cwon^fee. race freer . Sydncy; .with ; the. 'first . cargo of ? tlie Jiejv' iwool -clip. . : §be left Sydney, : in company -with the; Mamilius, l,rpj;us ^i3di,Ngmprajre,_;and ,.complej(Sfl the Voyage, in 'tbe record timp of -3^ clays.  IN DAYS OF OLD SYDNEY'S MANNERS S LON-DON. Monday. "This sink of iniquity, Sydney is im proving its manners," wrote Governor Blieh, in a letter during February, 1807. That letter, together with others by the name writer, and by Governor Hun ter, wrill be offered for sale by Sotheby's on May. 13. LSome of Sir Joseph Bnks' papers will a.ao lie offered at the sale. 