 SYONEY TO LONDON BY AIR # SIXTEEN DAYS INAUGURATION OF SERVICE TIIS YEAR. LINK WITH DUTCH FIRM:; V ' ' % SYDNEY, Monday! ..Sydney to London by air in -16 days before, the end of the. year— : such a journey will U'e! made" pos- ..sible by the inauguration of , ah i ' aerial serylcb between SourabaVa, ' v In the Dutch, East Indies, and Syd ney, which wiilVlink- lip. with' the ; regular . Dutch v service between Holland and -the East lndiees. , rpHE; enterprise was .otatlined by Mr. ; /-Hi ;A. Giidde' on his arrival ' at Sidney to-day by the Nieuw edland. Representing the 'Royal Nether- landslndlan Air Mail Co., Which con- 1 ' . - ' . :IS » '.- . . I. . m . .trojs -sery ices throughout the . East Indies. Mr; ; Gudde is her (o - complete arrangements-ifor thh opening- of tho Sydney to- Sourabaya service, which he "thinks will; commence in1 October. Tlie company is not /seeking a Gov- crnment subsidy,, and -while it -will concern itself .mainly in tlie carrloge of mails there /will /be room "for 12 Ipassengers.  SIX DAYS TO SYDNEY. Air lBail from London. London, Monday. . A scheme for a London to Sydney air mall.in six days is being discuBsed, toys the "Evening News." It involves the use. of relays of machines, each flying 2000 miles nonstop, the last stage to the Australian ccast being done by seaplane. To use the Fairoy long-range mono plane, It Is suggested, -would be too ex pensive, and it is considered Fuse Moths, would servo at least .. at/the besh}nlngr«0;> v. 1  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOURTEEN DAYS Australia's Air Hero Completes Record Solo Flight KINGSFORD SMITH ACCLAIMED WORLD'S GREATEST AIRMAN Tfen minutes ahead of scheduled time, Wihg-Commander C. E. Kingsford Smith reached the Mascot aerodrome this after ' noon, escorted by 1 8 aeroplanes, thus completing his long solo flight from London to Sydney in 14 days, and establishing yet another record. Sydney, October 22. The Southern Cross Junior new be neath a number of Aero Club machines, with, two large mono planes and the remaining smaller machines following. The aeroplanes flew across the harbor and the city, where hundreds of persons, attracted by the roar of the engines, stopped work to gaze* in admiration at the little re'eord-breaking aeroplane among its flight of admiring brothers. Perry boats shrieked with their whistles, and motor car horns joined in the noisy welcome. Immediately before Kingsford Smith's arrival, Sir Keith Smith, pioneer of the England-to-Australia flights, ad dressed, through amplifiers, the huge crowd which had assembled at Mascot aerodrome. Most Amazing Flight 'I am happy to be here to congratu late a namesake of mine,' he said, 'on what I venture to say is the most amazing flight the world has known. Kingsford Smith is undoubtedly the greatest airman the world has seen. I am proud that he is an Australian.' When the wheels of the Southern Cross Junior touched the Mascot aerodrome, the enthusiasm of the crowd crystallised, and deafening cheers drowned the roar of the engines of the aeroplanes. Distinguished public men present to welcome the aviator officially, forgot their distinction and raced across to his machine to congratulate him as he stepped from the cockpit, removed his goggles, and characteristically asked for a cigarette. The Assistant Minis ter of Industry (Mr. Beasley) welcomed him, on behalf of the Federal Govern ment. The Attorney-General (Mr. Boyce, K.C.) congratulated him for the State Government. Commander Gif ford, representing the State Governor (Sir Philip Game), the Mayor of Mascot (Alderman Alexander), and Flight Lieutenant C. T. P. XJlm added their congratulations. Flight-Lieutenant XJlm said that Kingsford Smith, by laying down a time table and not only keeping to it, but running ahead of it, showed that he was the No. 1 pilot of Australia and the world. Tribute to Hill In reply, Kingsford Smith paid a tribute to the sportsmanship of Plight Lieutenant Hill. 'I had to fly like the devil to catch up to him,' he said. 'Everyone in Australia will feel sorry for the bad luck that stopped him in the last hop. That last hop! What a hop it is! My navigation was the purest fluke, but 3 was lucky enough to hit it right in the eye,' Kingsford Smith was later welcomed at the Council Chamber at Mascot. There he 6aid that it was not until the eve of his departure from Eng land that he decided to 'have a go' at the record. At Rome he heard of the other fliers' success, and he decided to endeavor to lower the record. Pat on Back 'I cannot talk for nuts,' he eaid, 'and I would not if I could, but I would like to 6ay that what has touched me more than anything are the genuine pats on the back from old flying pals. 'Good show. Smithy,' they say, and I tell you it makes me feel gratified. After all, I have a bit of conceit, and I think I can fly a plane all right. When other people believe it, it makes me think I am right. I certainly hope that a certain girl has heard every thing, so that she can realise what a fine fellow she is getting.' (Laughter.) Kingsford Smith spent the evening with his parents at home.  WINGS OF THE WIND Kingsford Smith's Flight from London to Sydney in Thirteen Days A REAL WIZARD OF THE AIR Aviation history has been made again by Wlng-Oommander Klngsford Smith, who Is now acclaimed as the world's greatest aviator. By flying solo from London to Darwin In ton and a half days ho clipped five days off tho record for the England to Auitralla flight held slnco February, 1028, by Squadron Leader Bert Illnkler, thus adding another achievement to his already long list of aerial triumphs. Tho race between Klngsford Slmth, Fllght-Llcutonant Hill, and Captain Mat thews created Intense interest, nnd as the space separating tho three 'planes be came narrower enthusiasm Increased, Feeling was running high by the time Matthews arrived unexpectedly at Dar win on Saturday, after being delayed nln6tccn days at Bangkok. Ills actual flying time was thirteen days ten hours. He announced that the two other airmen were following olose behind, and when they did not appear by nightfall a feel Ing of anxiety took possession of tho people. Later In the evening, however, It was reported that Hill had orashed while tak ing off from Dllll aerodrome (Timor island), where ho had landed In his flight from Atamboea to Sourabaya. The plane was wrecked, and Hill was not in jured, although It must have been a great disappointment to havo had victory snatched from him so closo to Ills goal, for If ho had reached Darwin he would have flown from England to Australia in thirteen days, Kingsford Smith, flying over Dim, noticed tho wrecked 'plane nnd landed to Investigate, and was deeply affected when ho learnt of Hill's crash. He said afterwards! 'It was pitiful to sco his maohlno smashed up and to soo a gal lant pilot lose all he had fought for so pluoklly and had endured so much to attain,' Klngsford Smith remained at Dim ovor-nlght, and on Sunday set out for Darwin, landing thero at 1.60 p.m. Re marknblo enthusiasm was shown, practi cally every resident of Darwin flocking to the aorodromo to cheer him Leaving Darwin early on Monday. Klngsford Smith reached Olonniirrv thai night nnd proceeded to Drlsbano the fol lowing day. Tho fact that ho Is a natlvo of nrlsbano assured him a warm welcome, and huge crowds lined tho routo from tho aerodrome to tho city. On Wednes day ho flow to Sydney, landing nt Mascot aorodromo about 3 p.m. A trcmcndouB crowd gave him a great ovation, and ho was cheered to the echo. Wednesday was his thirteenth day out from London, and his achievement was acclaimed by lead Ing aviators of all countries as tho world's greatest solo flight, 'Smithy'— The Man ninuelf. A few days ago a representative of the Vacuum oil Company called at the homo of 'Smithy's' fiancee, Miss Powell, of Melbourne, to discuss tho prospects of tho England to Australia flight, whloh had not then been begun. 'Wo wero a ? ??-av uwnuba llbu I'UUIH, nut UIHIllI, BU1U Miss Powell, 'but wo do not Jed the slightest concern about tho flight from England to Australia. Why, Ohllla Is tho safest pilot In tho world I' Tho safest pilot In tho world I That practically sums up his standing as nn airman. It substantiates, too, what his mother thinks about the matter. 'In the air,' sho said, 'ho Is all decision and certainty, and ho takes command natur ally, when ho stops out of his 'plane, all that falls away, and ho Is tho goner ous, Impulsive boy his father and I know so well.' Fame, and the spoils of victory, have never worried Klngsford Smith, When ho roturned from the war, his people wore anxious to see some of the decora tions ho had won. A search of his kit bap/' revealed not a rello of tho firing line, A much worn photograph of Miss Nellie Stewart, tho famous actress, which she gave him before ho enlisted, was tho oniy mascot no carried with mm. This photograph went with him through all the vicissitudes of a war-tlmo pilot. Dur ing his Pacific Flight, It was under the pilot's seat. In evory subsequent flight, It was with him. It was with him when ho crossed tho Atlantlo: It was with him In the Southern Cross Junior, hurtling over tho burning sands of Persia nnd tho Impenetrable Jungles on his way to Dar win, On tho other hand, his Military Cross, awarded for merit with tho air force In France, was onco left pinned to an old coat behind a bedroom door in a boarding house, It was roturned to him. Shortly afterwards he left It on tho floor of a taxi. Again It came back to him, Ills mothor tried to persuado him not to tako It with him to Kjiirluml, but ho said It might come In handy and slipped It Into his imcket. Whether ho had It when he arrived at Darwin Is a matter for speculation, When comparative wealth camo to Klnnsford Smith, his Drat aot was to sco that his parents wanted for nuthlnir. Ho had their old homo at Longuovlllc, a lilburh of Sydney, renovated lnsldo and out, until It was practically now, and after tho Pacific flight, when tho South ern Cross flew from Sydney to Melbourne. Klngsford Smith took his mother with him on her first long flight, Ills very method of picking a crow to accompany him on hut trans-Atlantic flight savors of romance. Here it the story In Ills own words, us told to tlio 'New York Times,' after his arrival— 'When tho flight was first projected,' he suld, 'I had not picked it single one of tho crew, I knew of the thorough way In which Ihe Dutch pilots uro iruliud, especially to fly blind, Thoao men that tako out the Royal Dutch Air Lino ships nro trained for weeks to fly In an ataa lUWIJT Ulillu uuurtim, uuiUMIK llluu uili|i by Instruments alone, 'I took up the matter In Holland, where thn Fokker Company was doing everything possible to help mo got ready, and my only stipulation was that tho man should Know his flying and that his family was able to get along If Komethlng happened, I made this stipulation In tho caio of each member of tho orow, Four mon woro finally selected, and Van Dyk was chosen from the four, It certainly was u hupp)' choice, Van knows blind flying bettor than most. 'In England, I win canting about for u radio operator, and one d»y BtnnnnKci, a Now Zcalnndcr, walked Into my club, I know his ability of old, Ho wits thu radio man aboard the rescue 'piano that came after us when we wore lost In Aus tralia, His resourcefulness, courage, knowledge and speed made him the man for the Job. 'Well, we chatted a while and finally ho said, 'You don't happen to be looking for a radio operator to fly tho Atlantic, do you?' I signed him on then and there. ' 'Then all I needed was a navigator, We woro in Ireland then, making the last preparations. The Irish did everything possible to further our plans, and I sug gested that If ono could be found who had tho ability and wanted to go, I would like an Irish navigator, I was promptly Informed that Iroland could supply mo with any number of good navigators, and that Is how wo got Pat Saul.' It Is not so many years ago since Klngsford Smith was an aviation pilot on tho West Australian Airways Ltd., on the Perth to Derby service, On this ser vice, his ability us a pilot stood beyond question. After serving with tho West Australian airways for over twelve monthB, ho purchased a Bristol Tourer, and with his favorite engineer, Mr. Jcct of carrying out a flight around Aus U IDs' round-Australia flight with O. P. T. Ulm was tho flight that first brought be fore tho public on exceptionally brilliant long-dlstanco pilot and navigator. It Is needless to recount all the magni ficent flights that havo been mode by Klngsford Smith In his Wrlght-cnglned Fokker monoplane, 'Southern Cross,' but a few will Eunice. Pacific Flight (three slops), California lo Honolulu; Honolulu to FIJI; FIJI to Brisbane. Perth to Adelaide; Sydney to New Zealand and return; Trans-Atlantic from Ireland to America, and now Eng land to Australia, Any one of these flights would place Klngsford Smith In tho front rank of tho world's foremost aviators, Ills ambition has always urged him on to the com pletion of tho flight, which gives him the distinction of having encircled tho globo. We all know something of the Increase In nlrralndcdncss throughout America, probably tho whole world, that followed Lindbergh's great flight from Now York to Paris three years ago, Thcro is no aourjt mat, uio acvuiuijiuuiib ui wm mcrclal aviation Is given great Impetus by the successful accomplishment of nights suuh as those carried out by Klngsford Smith and Amy Johnson, They dramatically display thc'canaclty and practical utility of tho aeroplane  London to Sydney in Thirteen Days_ Th= scent a; Mascot AiTedrcrr.t this afternoon, immrdiately atier Wing CommandtT Kingsford Smith landed the Southern Crosi- jLiuor at the com pletion of his tpoch making flight from Croydon (England; to Sydney in thirteen days- This is the Uftest journey ever made between ^onaon and syaney.  LONDON-SYDNEY AIR MAIL IN SIX DAYS PLANNED Relays Of Machines: 2,000 Miles Non-Stop Ffight LONDON, Monday &lt;-r-A scheme for a London-Sydney airmail in six days ii Mag discussed, say* The Evening News aeronautical correspondent. The idea invdwfc the jaae of relays, the machines each ' flying 2,000 miles non-stop, the last stage tb the Australian coast being done-by a seaplane. ■, ,  Arrival at Sydney. 22 BAYS FRQP LOW&OM. SYDNEY, Friday. After his flight from. England last ing 22 flays, Mr Oscar Garden -ar rived at Mascot Aerodrome this af ternoon. -He was welcomod by a crowd of 200- people.  To London in 16 Days SERVICE BEFORE CHRISTMAS , SYDNEY. Mnv B. Before the end of. the year a regular Journey from Sydney to London by air In IB days will be made possible by the Inauguration of an aerial ser vice between Sourabaya, In tho Dutch East Indies, and Sydney, which wlU link up with the regular Dutch service between Holland and tho East Indies. This enterprise was outlined by Mr. H. A. Guddc on Ills arrival at Sydney yesterday by the NIeuw Zeoland. Representing the Royal Netherlands Indian Air Mall Company, which con trols the services throughout tho East Indies, Mr. Gudde Is here to complete arrangements for tho opening of the Sydney to Sourabnya service, which ho thinks will commence in October. Tho company Is not seeking a Gov ernment subsidy, and while It will con cern Itself mainly In the carriage of malls thore will be room for 12 pas sengers. Tho machines to bo used will bo giant three-cnglned Fokker mono planes, and about a ton of mail will bo carried. The stuges from Sourabaya will bo to Darwin, thence to Brlsbano and Sydney, tho trip lasting about four days. Tho passenger faro has not yet been decided upon, but Mr. Guddo thinks It will he about £50 for each traveller. In September thoro will bo a trial flight, commencing from Sourabaya, to Darwin, thence around the continent by way of Fromantle, Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane, and back to Sydney. WEEKLY FLIGHTS LIKELY. It is ltkoly that at tho start of tho services thero will ho weekly flights from both Sydney and Sourabaya, and if support warrants It tho flights will ho oven more regular. Mr. Guddo drew attention to the importnnco of tho venture, because, he says. It means that at Sourabaya tho passcngors and malls may link up with another monoplane, and reach Europe In 13 days. The approximate cost for tills trip will he £209 a person. Let ter senders will have to pay 8d. for each letter, which Includes the special air mall tax. Colonel F. II. Wright, tho Dutch Consul In Melbourne, who returned on the Nleuw Zeelund after a business trip to the East, said lie thought that by the new route Europe could he reached In nhout 19 days. He explained that In September It would he possible to travel from the East Indies to tho Continent, ns tho British authorities, who some time ago would not allow fights owing to tho bnd landing grounds of northern Indin, hnd since granted permission for them to con tinue.  CONVICT DAYS Doctor's Story Secured FOR SYDNEY 'Nru-t' Special I -l\|n-\. \', ...'., ?rm yurnal ,iml I.-U, r, i.i llu.L.r Irani,/ wr. ..,,,,.,1 „! S.,lh.-hv-.; -ule \or II,.- Mll,-lir!l /.|l.ro.i/.i A.Bf/n.-v. ! 'I'HE jounirfl txKutL- in it !Ji pi-u--d. Irom AueuH. 1810. to D'-rrniln . 1815. and contain? a record of a vo; - age from Sydney to England 1' also dcsrnbrs hi experience.s as a vlet vessel during n voyage to Sydney. and after his ar rival there. The letters, which are dated the same period contains full and inu-restlnc details Marqudnr of life and personages m Au.s:r.iii.i Doctor Arnold davrilxM Jus j i .--(-i j.*.-; by Governor Laehlan Mnrqual I. us ' r.-'nj and dl.sBUSting.1 Me describe- Mnr. quarle as belnp hardly accepi.-iblf ??', air.  New Zealand Fliiii Triumph Over Persistent lll-luek piper and kaye now at darwin flight of 43 days from london WILL CONTINUE THEIR AERUL JOURNEY TO SYDNEY only holiday tour muc> t\t #» ; ' ' DARWIN. Moniiav. 1 A. B aT u /'yww" H- L. Piper and C. Kaye, of fettle. ' r&lt;!a anvln at 2'30 this iflcmoon, in good k S!n? Engird, 43 day, ago, the airmen have meY with persistent misfortune, 'being held op on several occasions by engine trouble and advene weather. CjOMETI M ES they flow under terrl Ac atmospherical condltfonr, fre- Quently being close to diuAster, ' A foreed landing. In Burma necessitated a-, hair, of sovcral duya for repairs, ' .Though tho trlp nas been' a long one contrasted with' some recent feats £ '"Yips, it has. proved a test from .which tho airmen have.won out liter- . ally /with; flying; color. . PPffffofl perslstah'co and .Iron resolu tion - alone brought them throuch ah almost; -unprecedented 'series-. of dim- cul ties ;tO ' their. Journey's end; ;. v Tho. Shell ./Contpdny''' m'adb all' ni'-; .;rttng&lt;mentsffon;tl>d;!jfi4ellJng or the air-' -. "ion;maQhino- (onJrqute.. ;- . : v. . fl -;r i ?A' WdWe'"recelved ' from' Air/ Jolley,"' roprasontatlveof'itHo Shell .Coriipany ; ; at- Darwin- states that flper and Kuye : : left; :TJmor,'atV7«i0 ''tt.m., arriving , at .pqrwi.n'; at .2.40vp,ni. Tho differohce - in the„tlme - between tho two places wap.none' hoilr, ; » They - therefore wero -11' 'the; air- /for? ebt.aud- a half hours Vi . bofpro;.; alighting ' at the' aerodrome. Y( : Circling over -Ttorwlh; they mado a svaccful descent i,and a .perfect land- . Both aviators aro in good health and' /."spirits. - Y ; \ ; ' The flight.from'TImor was unovent- Y ; . fnl. i Except ton cross head winds the / Weallior 'was xcellcnt. . ' ; > ' ; ' 1 'Route to. Sydney 1 , .i Y- it; iaVhot .known &lt; exactly which route . Y:.wilbhe takon\firom here,' but it is an- 'tlclpqted/. thot ' landings: will be made, ' (i ' at / Catherine, v.-, Newcastle and Burnett L.ppwnsi tlidpce to Sydney,, t;'-j Aa.rfar' as 1st known- tho alruien wJll ' not. fcaHatXMelbourrie. / ; .TheHWo fliers claim. tp 'bo the J .' ::.'ftrt,Nevyv Zoalandet,. to fly from?,:; England p- Auatralla . > . Y '' , Op arrlvaf at Sydney tho. monoplojijoj wlll be shlpped to /\ucldan'd where tho? -flyoro- will stay a uhortvtlmo-beforo rd- - r turning to/ England, as the - two. .mem arc really on; ljolidayw. „ . : . tlto middle of May and hopq to soil tho, monppiano before they, return. : , : i ;plper and.Kayo are anticipating thoi plesmuro of renewing homo acquaint ances In Now Zealand. ' ' Vrh?«aviat0ra claim to be tho first mVhi tt nic.r? to occompUeh the born Chichester being English- ' "Head winds wero encountered to 'hroUKhout the flight," sold Flying Ofllcer Kayo. "At Avig non wo wero (lying only flety (eet above tho- rlvor 'and could/not see It. P'sa- was under .water. , We, went through emoko at Mt. . , Vesuvius and saw lava, pouring from Mt. Etna. From Malta we 'sIJSl! A ? : "J."" 19 Benghasl. : ; rt i Y ?; Wo were lnformed i' that the natives were, hostile 'and :er9/: fly " aroundl the ' . . Coast, .;t '-.v . ; / 1 Y'.! "landed: at Tabaac. .'a- dirty lit tle 'Arab town; and apent the- night in an Arab house. . : . > ,,-Hmyy clouds woro encountered over tho Dead Sea, from whero we followed a' railway and enmb to Animan. Thcrd wn took . the: wrong track, got' oyer hostile country, , and. had to turn : to Nina, whero tho' Royal AJr Forco ron- dered ;klndly service. At-Mammam we waited two .days Pn . ot bad weather. Rata- har WelB - was under water." The aviators: fuelled At Zurka arid went.on to Bagdad, .Basra ana Bushlre. They- had a forced landing at Jask and were thpro . three days. Landing on Beach ; ' ; Taking olY In t/io dark, .they return ed, liyo mlnutee later and landed: on' the boaeh.; . A' .nativo chief and .' Ilia fol lowers .conveyed the aeroplano six miles ; back to the aerodrome, whero repairs wero effected and 'the Journey resumed to Karachi and ; Jodphur. . .The. aviators found Persia. tlie Worst country, for . dying conditions, .but everywhere' rocelvod . tho warmest "hos pitality. viS?1?8 ov'r Rangoon they , flow at 0000 feot to avoid, clouds of smoke. J3etween Singaporo and Batavla they 'struck tho worst storm oflthd trip and decided to land; on thoibeadh;. . Next day the natlvea got . thp. machine off and a start was imido rpr phllt. ln Ti- nior. auu .irom tnoro to Darwin, ' A. dopnrtuia to-morrow Is not eor- Ufn .owing to lock of information as: to. oil supplies.' ' ' ; Tho eoast at Darwin, where Plprir and Kayo landed ve.»i«W  mm Sydney-Side Surgeon in Early Days ("Sun" Special) ' I LONDON, Monday. | A. cold, disgusting reception is what Dr. Arnold, a surgeon 1 of the early settlement in Sydney, says ' of | the way in which Governor Macquarie met him. He describes the Governor as "hardlv accept- able to anyone." These observations are extracts from Dr. , Arnold's "Journals" and "Letters," which have been secured for the Mitchell Library, Sydney, at a sale at Sotheby's Rooms. The journal covers the period from August, 1 1810, to December, 1815, and records the voyage from Sydney to England, also the doctor's experiences as a surgeon on a convict vessel going to Sydney and after arrival. The letters, which belong to the some 1 - period, are full of interesting details about life and personages in | Australia. f .3  IN 12 DAYS Wyndham to London SYDNEY VENTURE MELBOURNE. Saturday. The Shell Co. has made arrangc- iments for the 12 days' dash from Wyndham to London of Dave Smith ' and M. W. Shlcrs, of Sydney, to start on March 25. The schedule laid down . Is: Wyndham to Kocpany. to Blma (900 miles), to Sourabaya (402), to Batavia (398), to Muntok and to Singapore (525), to Slngora (467), to Bangkok (464), to Moulmeln (266), (o Rangoon racecourse, and to Akyab (403), to Chlttugong. and to Calcutta (333), to Allahabad (374), to Cawn- poro and to Agra (362), to Jaipur and to ICarachl| (696), to Charbar, to Jask, to Bandar Abbas (693), to Lln- geh (98). to Bushlro (299), to Basra (218), to Baghdad (266), to Ramleh (571), to Abouklr and to Alexandria (286). to El Solium (203), to Boug- hasl (299)', to Home (600), to Malta (-250), to Catania (112), to Naples (238). to Rome (112), to Pisa OW. to Marseilles (201), to Lyons (160), to Paris (255), to London (214).  AN AIR MAIL SCHEME. London to Sydney in Six Days. (Australian Cable service.) LONDON, September 2S. A scheme for a l^ondon to Sydney air mall In six days is being dis cussed, says tlie 'Evening Mews' neronutlral writes. The Idea Involves the use of relays of machines, each RyiiiR 2.0Q0 miles non stop, the last xtago to the Australian coast being dune In a seaplane. Tho use of a Fulvley long range monoplane is sug gested, but this would be most ex pensive, and It Is considered Pun MottaB 'would serve best at U» «un.  ' ' ' - ' j_ V . 4 \ ' 'LONDON TO SYDNEY AIR MAELl IN SIX DAYS. / LONDON; "Sept. 29.-A scheme . -for &lt; a Londqu to Sydney air mail In six days is -.-being .discussed, says tho 'Evening Newsis aeronautical 'Wrltor. ; The idea involvee. the use of. relays.of machines, each flying 2000 miles non- stop;- the last stage to the Australian coast .-being done in a seanlane. The . use of a Fairey long range monoplane iS 'SUggeeted, but this will be most expensive, and it is considered that Buss Moths will serve best at the start. u :.  iJ^iS^fCPNHlARy. : NINE BAYS. ^ [?] . uvtau) ^ suciixen TMU -leave /or ^n^la»d :ti-«iorrow or Thnrs day. ;Se^rill ilm Sy trmi Sarwln to , 4o&iatiajya (1376 miles]' and tbabittatyt dslly aichts to Blngi : BOfe ? -1876).',* Bangkok (11B0), : AU*ha)-ad (laio), Bkrachl (9SS-, ; BiHUr* . (1175), UUeppo (1030), - (l|s5), Croydon (1125). Iffflu weful fcl* wUl occupy I on^ ntaa ftSya. -; ' ' '  LONDON-SYDNEY AIR MAIL IN SIX DAYS PtANNED Relays Of Machines: 2,000 Miles Non-Stop Flight (Register world uanies) LONDON, Monday.— -A scheme lor a London-Sydney airmail in six days is being discussed, says The Evening News' aeronautical correspondent. The idea involves the use -of relays, the machines each flying 2,000 , miles non-stop, ? the last stage to the Australian coast being done by a seaplane. . ' '. ' '.' ' *  KINGSFORD SMITH Flying Home LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 10 DAYS OAKLAND, July 10. Wing-Commander Kingsford Smith Has been approached by an Eastern company, which is constructing an ex- &lt;*> perimental plane regarding the pro- posed Oakland to Tokyo flight, to take place before next June. His brother. Mr. R. H. K. Smith, said or. Wednes day thai ihe plane would bo wi!"cr ;> three or lour-moior"d oii^. v.:::> fi miisine radi:u of fi.CJO mi'x-f. Wine-Commander Kingi-i1-1-'" S:iii:!; is now r;i route ior the Ea^i. H-- Impc to lt?avr Ijondon on August 15 in a small English plane, on a projected ten-day aix-stop flisiit to Sydney,  AERIAL DOINGS LONDON TO AUSTRALIA KINGSFORD S>UTH\S TRIP WILL BEGIN IN 10 DAYS I Sydney, Saturday. I Thc Vacuum Oil Company has re- ceived a cable from Wing-Commander Kingsford Smith stating that he will take oil from thc Heston aerodrome, near london, in ll) days time on a flight to Australia. He will uso an Avian single-seater aeroplane fitted with n Hermes engine. Twelve days later he expects to he in Darwin. From there he will Hy lo Alice Springs, Broken Hil!, and Sydne-V.  OSCAR .GARDEN Arrival in Sydney 22 DAYS FROM LONDON SYDNEY, Friday.. Oscar Oardeii. the young airman who"made a solo flight from England, .i-rrlvcd, at Mascot Aerodrome shoitly, boforo three o'clock this * afternoon. Carden reached Wyndham last Tues- day and completed his voyage this af* ternoon, 22 days after reaving "¡Croy- don. A. ciV;Wrt,lir\ff,,afoß»jt;."&lt;,2,.Q00 welcomed. Oscar. Garden. In nn Interview ho « said he did not hop ort from Croydon with any'intentlon of broaking rccoftíi but his real concern was to ¿¿>t to Australia safely.! ' At Sourabaya, he said that ho met Flight-Lieut. Hill, who was waiting for a ship to take his daronged piano to a repair shop.  [?] SYDNEY TO'iONDON. Tfcil !)AYS m'lTH£ AIR. FORECAST eY'-afflHY.' . Sydney to I^on^OQ 'iu ten days by tir. ' t / 1 ' It jnnjt come — but' it will como for letters -before it comes for human frejght. («aid W'ing^Oommhndcr Kingi fbr4( ^mltli , to 'Tbe .Sunday Sun'*.) My'rocqrtl of 13'^ayg will go, and I'p^ore very long, -iob- I .knew thai w'jen I' brought : th& 'bus -?ou-n at 2Caseot.0n.'WeGi-efday-.iEind 1 am quito coqfent that it ahonld^o. I should be ready ti^.^alk butanes tomorrow with ony( .conperh Iliat proposed' to join funi it- starting sucb ah enterprise, and the 'thing would be perfectly simple. , .,^6 mail forvicc . ^uld pave tbe Way,, to the passenger service, and avoid il'C .making of mistake* wlieri' passcngcr-carryiug was started. Already there are,' wera I makes of fast two«»eate»\ machines on the mar Lei; 'Which would -..make ideal mail fat^ieri. .Thoir freight.- would be a I'iwt; a mechanic,. jaxia half a ton of, inall,caca with .tba^ idsd they could jio Apm'ething ruund' 1&0 miles an hour. Ten. -hduCa' flying a .day Js enough for ui^y XUirei as his. regular job, so an orgaoisCEt should-, count on a daily Jiinlt W'1500 miles. . ' On' my flight my -first atop was. Home. I'd cut BOme. right out with tbe fast machines sou the mail service aod -drop in at Athens ou tho first, nigljt. The, other' stops, voold prob fabTy .be '.'Buahire,-, ..tKcn some editable iandikg: in Ccnfccsl lndia (say Jodh phr),^idig6on, SQ^^re^ then a point «&' the Dntch Eart .In4ttB (probably. Bi^na)/rtljaiwin) Loegreach, aod Syd' ncgr. ^Tbat '« n i n e/^iyja^— you' ve a clear i margin/ of a day for the unforeseen. Ttsi's a flight thatvwill 'be made, and^ ^tnade r in ? a singte-engincd macbinc, j too; but faster than the one I came- ©ut- in. . ?;=. .?? .i Ji.is-npl a job ipr one pilot, or for one /machine. , Too Want a pilot fo- , every stage of tbV.jDurpey. He would, taScc, ^ay, the^lrtndon-botind maii trom ifanrin to Bins;, on Tuesday, aadrrtbca gut-, in --46gnple of daya at . JJijiifl, resting *»o .'tlixlZjic would Ibo I ready to muke the roturn trip with | the Sydney-bound mail to Darwin tbe I I day after the other pilot landed it at i | Uima. It would only be two days' ' I wcrk a week for the' pilots, with a I | woekly air avrvice, ! .which would be : t|uite enough. There is no reason, , however, why an aeroplane should |do I only one stage- A couple of stages | would be quite reasonable for any | good machine, and still leave it idle I three days o week for repairs at the I ricrodrome. To start such a service a | ? ompany would need half-a-doseu I luaehineu, to allow' for one being laid tp occasionally. | The 10-day ma'fl idea is no idle dream. It ir a fact of to-morrow, and It only needs someono with a bit of foresight and capl&fcl to put it tLrough. A liassengcr-carryiug service on the tame Hues and usjug tbe same route, is only impoaaible .to«day because tbe l)ig. passenger carriers Are not fast enough. Our big , machines do 100j unlet? an bout. Experiments are bc*ng carried out in Ameriea'at the present time, and big three-engihed moebines hjjve been built which are capable of 320 and 130. , . It is ftill not enough., They have gpt to come up to the 150 mark, and. until they., do,- the prospect of ibe passenger service ia on ithe ki'ces of ,(bp inventors. With 10 -Louth' flying, our present machines' have only a ipng?. of , ,,1000 miles a.i day, and it is not a -bii of use start* j j rig a pasMngey serVice to Loodon-- which takes longer than 10 days. :j 6tiII, the three-enjgined fast ma-; chines will come.Jj^ore long, . aod^ then passeng^ flignfe will become a I reality. Jt nopr.dosts & /i&J- t9 fly to j Brisbane, wliieh, ( one stage -aod a short one) of. 'a Sz-fl&ge flight 1 1, London. However, vi. do not think it would be reaaonable to multiply £9/13/- by IS; a-ti something to allow lor the shortness of tbe first stage, snd say that each passenger would lave to pay about £150 to go to Lon* aon. 1 think it could be done for. less. Our Sydney-Brisbane fare has to cover the cost of a tremendous' ground organisation in both cities to, ciaints^n a . daily service — a weekly, «crrfce,. wpuld not reqittir' so niahy. meebanics or suclL.lar^e hangars. Pr^ babiy the- fare would.be £1^0 or leal, I ?nd, m^ils .-rould . have to be charged ! V- '.ao jopnpe.' On hi|3f a ion 'of xualJ I tho rct|^J^pnlA^be^a'|»out £8^0, and. i0 .passengcrB^--anoib$r ,£1300., Itj . twiould be e&isy to ,g §t a 'foil mail each time/ and £2-W0-odd' gnjsi takings pu irfp( would leav^^a comfo/t&ble aha ?irver 'the Upensou This could. W^.JilLbe paid out hi cash diyidc^ida, l^i^yer. .. The cofl-- pany wonild baxeTtou}* prepared £#r' pnev.of ^S;'inar^nflf^ to smadi up; 6omewhere, *rifl/t^9feudT the cost. In. rurajUM .09 ft; _npw. scheme lik« that: would .be ioo^heary-io,'|-e thought of,: and tlie mnpii^would hate to acf as its own-insnrrr, ^ -Oonseqtiently a gttod solid luu^^h^dd,. have to .be put awa^ fr-^nj eadi;,|iteht-.^o ,buU& up a eol^tantial^nkTng^uiH against acd* dentfyj,. j Here again ''idx matiiiues would be 'needed/ eaA maehjiie. .covering tw® ? tfn'gttit ' a eba'nge pilots,. at i.. .,,,, Tber^ ls. naTjMJfa.wbv any normal _jufuit or mmS sot undertake p» tj^' in JBteS^aSkiStosTFor the pas* ?Kogfn'in ?thA#' »toe«npoed/ paata Slierc.lK.soif^^SSFFytSffg ' ?*' j rrrrfr-*-''^ j— li'rfltRMe. , certatB U»^'j led jneTBe^yU^ybU ooring tbCj Hjdti^SeJgie ce^ntr 'ot eoi« f-rtt, a|O^f?«S8ai' 0-tild be «r«J  SiSll AT SYDNEY. Thirteen Days From London. '.'20,000 PEOPLE APPLAUD;.. SYDNEY, Wednesday. Wing Cornpiander K'ingsford Smith landed at Mascot Aero drome at 2.55 today, five minutes ah^cf of schedule, after a good flight from Bnsbane. He was accorded, a wonderful ' reception by a crowd of over 20,000 which had waited for some hours to welcome the intrepid a'irman, who had brought Sydney within 13 days of London. A . fleet of 17 planes escorted the, Southern Gross: Junior over the last fe\v: miles. - . . The first person to greet Kingsford Smith was his fiancee, . Mifs Mary. Powell,, who kissed him affectionately, amid the cheers of the crowd. " Speaking from a platform at the aerodrome, Kingsl'ord Smith said that his Rights-, hardly warranted-the fuss ( tha t hart been ma&lt;le about' them, as lie. had had years o;f experience, mar- j velldus brgariisation, and good luok,! ''You should not think that I am the , .only one who has; flown to Australia.' There were many before me. I have tremendous admiration for Lieut. .Hill, who is riiaroone.cV at Koepang, He is certainly a wonderful sportsman, and 1 take off my hat to him," The famous' aviator later was' ao corded an official welcome at Mascot Town Hall,.  SYDNEY-LONDON, 27 DAY6. London, Thursday. . A, letter posted at.Sydney ,on Feb-;i ruary- 14,.and. sent.vla.Karaclii-London | lit mall, was delivered to-day.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOURTEEN DAYS Australia's Air Hero Completes Record Solo Flight KINGSFORD SMITH ACCLAIMED WORLD'S GREATEST AIRMAN Sydney, October 22. Ten minutes ahead of scheduled time, Wing-Commander C. E. Kingsford Smith reached the Mascot aerodrome this after- &lt;*> j noon, escorted by 18 aeroplanes, thus completing his long solo flight from London to Sydney in 14 days. and establishing yet another record. (Sir Philip Game), the Mayor of Mascot CAlderman Alexander), and Flight lieutenant C. T. P. Ulm added their congratulations. night-Lieutenant TJlm said that Kingsford Smith, by laying down a time table and not only keeping to It, but running ahead of It, showed that he was the No. 1 pilot or Australia and the world. Tribute to Htn In reply, Kingsford Smith paid a tribute to the sportsmanship of Flight- Lieutenant win "I had to fly lite the devil to catch up to him." he said. "Everyone in Australia win. feel sorry for the bad luck that stopped him in the last hop. That last hop! What a hop it is! My navigation was the purest fluke, but I was lucky enough to hit it right In the eyC* Kingsford Smith was later welcomed at the Council Chamber at Mascot. There he said that.it was not until the eve of his departure from Eng land that he decided to "have a go" at the record. At Rome he heard of the other fliers' success, and he decided to endeavor to lower the record. Pat on Back "I cannot talk for nuts," he said, "and I would not If I could, but I would like to say that what has touched me more than anything are the genuine pats on the back from old flying pals. XSood show. Smithy,' they say, and I tell you It makes me feel gratified. After au, I have a bit pf conceit, and I think I can fly a plane all right When other people believe It, it makes me think lam right. I certainly hope that a certain girl has heard every thing, so that she can realise what a fine fellow she Is getting." (Laughter.) King?ford Smith spent the evening with his parents at home. The Southern Cross Junior flew be neath the apex of a formation of Aero Club tt""**"""?, with two large monoplanes and the remaining smaller machines following. The aeroplanes flew across the harbor and the city, where hundreds of persons, attracted by the roar of the engines, stopped work to gaze In admiration at the little record-breaking aeroplane nmnnp Its flight of admiring brothers. Ferry boats shrieked with their whistles, and motor car horns joined in the noisy welcome. Immediately before Kingston! Smith's arrival. Sir Keith Smith, pioneer of the Engiand-to-Australia flights, ad dressed, through amplifiers, the huge crowd which had assembled at Mascot. aerodrome. Most ***"**"ff Flight "I am happy to be here to congratu late a namesake of mine," he said, "on what I venture to say is the most amazing flight the world has known. Kingston! Smith is undoubtedly the greatest airman the world has seen. I am proud that be is an Australian." 'When the wheels of the Southern Cross Junior touched the Mascot aerodrome, the enthusiasm of the crowd crystallised and dwrfmlng cheers drowned the roar of the engines of the aeroplanes. Distinguished public men present to welcome the' aviator nwiriaiiy forgot their distinction and raced across to his machine to congratulate him as he stepped from the cockpit, removed his goggles, and characteristically asked for a cigarette. The Assistant Minis ter of Industry (Mr. Beasley) welcomed him, on behalf of the Federal Govern ment. The Attorney-General CMr. Boyoe, K.C.) congratulated him for the State Government- Commander Gif ford, representing the State Governor  THE WORLD'S GREATEST AIRMAN HOME AGAIN "SMITHY," FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 13 DAYS! - - v \ » . 1 " On Schedule, As Always, He Gets Great Welcome At Mascot FIANCEE GREETS HIM WITH A KISS From out of the grey clouds he came , swooped low , . roared over thousands of uplifted faces, shot sky - wards, and gracefully glided to earth . There was nothing spectacular about it, nothing unexpected, nothing Sensational. It was just "Smithy," from London in 13 days. . Nothing to brag about. Just "Smithy" finishing a job in his - usual no-fuss-and-bother fashion. ' y He had promised to land the Southern Cross Junior at Mascot at 3 o'clock. His watch must have been fast, because he hit the Mascot soil at five minutes to 3. But nobody was surprised. Nobody is surprised at a anything "Smithy" does. ( ' E had flown from Lon- don to Sydney in a single-seater 'plane in 13 days! Twenty thou sand people lined the aerodrome to welcome him, and, if every one of them went there prepared to cheer until hoarse, the nonchalant manner of "Smithy's" arrival had the effect of almost stifling sound. The Southern Cross Jnr. and its escort were first sighted at a quarter to three, and a few minutes after they were roaring overhead. "Smithy" dropped below them, circled the aero drome, and landed easily. Kiss of Welcome He taxied up to the flagged en closure, and there appeared from the cockpit the bronzed and smil ing face of the airman; A voice was heard: "Chilla! Chilla!" and a pair of soft arms - were around Smithy's neck. "Miss Powell/ Miss Powell! Turn the kiss on again, just once more. . ." "Be a sport, Mary! Another kiss. He likes it!" This from hungry camera men, but Mary Powell had no ears nor eyes for other than "Chilla." Triumphant Progress ' He was hoisted aboard a lorry and driven around the 'drome, to the de light of the hero-worshippers. As he jogged around it was hard to believe that the smiling figure in old plus- fours and ragged Norfolk jacket was Wing-Commander Kingsford Smitn, the world's greatest airman. After he had been officially wel comed and presented with a boomerang by the Mayor of Mascot (Aid. Alexander) he was taken to afternoon tea arranged by National Airways, LtcL High Praise Mr. P. H. Stewart, chairman of the company, said that in these days of . divided opinion it was refreshing to know that everybody was unanimous, in acclaiming the wonderful flight. Mr. Beasley (Assistant Federal Minister) :"It is exploits of this character that build nations, and Kingsford Smith can justly be named 'King of the' Air.' " Mr. Boyce (Attorney General) : "We are glad to associate Kingsford Smith once more with victory. If he carried out his intention of not taking part in any more long flights he will retire with a reputation which can never be outshone." Mr. C. T. P. Ulm: It is no good "Smithy" telling us lie had weather and luck. It was the man who did the job, and the man was "Smithy." Sir Keith Smith: There is no man in the world to-day who would cap what Kingsford Smith has done. . Mr. Kitto (Deputy P.M.G.) said Kingsford Smith's achievement was a. magnificent credit to civilisation, and paid a tribute to National Air ways for their air mail activities. MRS- KINGSFORD : SMITH'S heart beat proudly yesterday as she kissed "Smithy'/ her welcome.  SIX DAYS London-Sydney Air Mail SCHEME DISCUSSED (Australian Cable Beirln.) LONDON, Monday.—A scheme for a Loiidon-Sydney. air,mail in six;days is being' discussed^ says' the "Evening Jirnvs" aeronautical'writer;'' 1 Tlie acryieo would1.involve the use of relays of' machines," each flying 2000 miles non-stop, the (last stage to the Australian coast being done in a -sea 'plane. The use of a Fairey'long range monoplano is suggested,' but it is con sidered that, n Puss Moth will servo, .at least, at tho sjavt. . * '  SIX DAYS LONDON TO SYDNEY ("Sun" Special) LONDON, Monday. A scheme for a London-Sydney air mall in six days ts being discussed, says the "Evening News" aeronautical cal correspondent The Idea Involves the use of relays of machines, each flying 2000 miles non-stop. The last stage to the Aus tralian coast would be done by a sea plane. The use of Palrey long-range mono planes is suggested, but as this would bo very expensive It is considered that Puss Moth machines would serve for a beginning, at least,  To London in Three Days POSSIBLE IN 10 YEARS. ' , Sydney, Tuesday. / W. S. Shackleton, addressing the Melbourne Constitutional Club expressed the belief that within ten years aeroplanes will fly night and day without stop- ping from Londbn to Melbourne covering the journey in three days. The machines would trav el at an average speed of 200 miles an hour. i _ . . A rich gold discovery is reported about 100 miles north-east of Kal- goorlie. Outcrops show heavy coarse gold.  TEN DAYS From London To Sydney i ' _ ' KINGSFORD SMITH'S PLANS OAKLAND (California), Wod. Wing - Commander KintjEfoid Smith io now tn loute to the East. He hoprs to leave London on Auyii-it 1') m n cm-ill Enrjiish piano on a pioiccied ten dny tlirjht to C^Jiic/ m -"^ slops. King-ford fc'mith has been ap-, p-cncluil In Jil üaslein comparo, vluch l* con tun Uni an ef)iwimental phnr, leS'ii'lm-T d« O.ikland-Tokio fhgllt It \. ill not be wadu bcluic net June l[,s i.Im (Mi R TI K. Smith) siv«, Uni win n &lt;"ni|il&lt; tf'U the piano vmil'l It« cillitM tliu«f> or \&lt;>vr muí «rd «itli ?' ci ins ne íadiub of | (¡.Illili I.I II s  Klngsford Smith's Plans LONDON, TO SYDNEY. ; Ten Days' Six-Stop Plight. , - (Austrulian Cable Service!.. ' . vAaCODVEIi, July/ 10.— Wing. CpuiiiMiiuler Klngsfprd . SiulUi's . brother litis announced tJiat'nh iiimamed aeroplane company Was , negotiating with Klngsford Smith Y for. a San Francisco to Tokio flight ' next .Time with a foiir. inotorcd plane having a cruising radlns of (HI00 miles. Meanwhile Klngsford ; Smith « him self is ,en route to New York, hoping to leave London on August 15: on a ten day's six-stop flight, to Sydney. : . Harold Bromley is making another' effort to organise- a .flight from.: Tacoma (Washington, State) -to Tokio, I and if lie succeeds presumably Kings-, ford Smith's plan would, be dropped. , Bromley's first two.. 'planes crashed with loss of life, ' while- hopping; oil, and .he at present Is experimenting with a thirdT— a single-motor machine carrying 500, 'gallons of, fuel. .Tests' show, that it -lias a maximum ' speed of only 90. miles,, which makes ' It impossible' for this; plane to make a non-stop' flight. " It ' is . .altogether- iprobable . that Kiiigsford Smith' will get a big chance to cross the Pacifl'c to Japan next ydar. if he will consent, -or unless his fiancee,. Miss Mary Powell, intervenes, in any way; . Klngsford Smith is plan ning to return to San , Francisco' for his honeymoon, which looks like more long flights.  IN 12 DAYS WYNDHAM .TO LONDON SYDNEY VENTURE MELBOURNE, Friday. The Shell Co. has made arrange ments for the 12 days' dash from Wyndham to London of Dave Smith and M. W. Shiers, of Sydney, to start on March 25. The schedule laid down TXTtmrfVinm tft KnAnnnD. ilfl fiilYlQ. (900 miles), to Sourabaya (402), to Batavia (398), to Muntok and to Singapore (525), to Slngora (467), to Bangkok (454), to Moulmein (266), to Rangoon racecourse, and to Akynb (403, to Chittagong, and to Calcutta (333), to Allahabad (374), to Cawn- pore and to Agra (352), to Jaipur and to Karachi (696), to Charbar, to Jask, to Bandar Abbas (693), to Lin- geh (98), to Bushlre (299), to Basra (218), to Baghdad (260), to Ramleh (571), to Aboukir and to Alexandria (286), to El Solium (263), to Boughasi (299), to Horns (600), to Malta (250), to Catania (112), to Naples (238), to Rome (112), to Pisa (168), to Mar seilles (261) tP Lyons (100), to Paris (255), to Londim (214). 