 Karachi-London Plans cf Captain Matthews "Can be Done in Four Days" SYDNEY, February 23. Captain F. R. Matthews, In an at tempt to In-euk tho record from Karachi to London, hopes lo complete tho journey In four days. Captuln Matthews, who returned to Sydney by the Marolla said that he was an noyed rather thun disappointed, at the succession of accidents which had be- fallen him. His final , crash in Northern Australia had been the last straw and ho felt that ho was fated not to completo the return journey by air, ,. Ho bad abandoned the attempt to Improve on Air 'Commodore Kingsford Smith's record for tho' journey and was shipping his plane to Karachi, whonro he would try to set up a record time for the Journey to London. "I am satisfied from my own experi ences and from' the experiences ot others," he said, "that the trip can bo mado In four dnys, and 1 am going to do my best lo do it In that time."  LONDON-SYDNEY IN 27 DAYS Canadian-Pacific Plans LONDON, May 14. ix-naon to Sydney in 27 days is the promise held out by the Canadian Pacific railway when the palatial re cord-breaker Empress of Britain begins regular trips of five days across the Atlantic. Three days will be allowed for the trip across the American con tinent, and 19 days across the Pacific aboard the Aorangi. This would en able business men to reach Australia well within a month. The vessel, which is of 42,500 tons, will have comforts for all classes. A remarkable feature will be a full-sized tennis court.  IN 27 DAYS London to Sydney, via Canada LONDON, Wednesday: — London to Sydney in. ,27 days is the prom- - ise held out by the Canadian Paci- - fiC Bail wav . When tllo nala+iol V " AOU" ord-breaker Empress of Britain begins her regular trips. Five days .across the Atlantic, three days across the continent of America, and 19 across the Pacific aboard the Aorangi will enable business men to reach Australia well within a month. - The vessel will be of 42,500 tons and comiorts are promised in all classes, the more rem'rfcable in cluding a full-sized tennis court.  NIGHT AND DAY AIR MAILS London to Sydney in 1\ Days Speed and the Modern Mail Plane LONDON, March 10. Day and night air mall services, link- ing London with the most dlBtant parts ot the Empire In little moro than ? a week are, according to authoritative British expert opinion, well within the bounds of possibility. The following schedule of regular, business-like, operation, dependent on tho establishment ot high-speed services concerned solely with the carriage ot malls, was sketched by Slr Robert McLean, who is one of the leading men in the Britisli aircraft Industry, iii the course of an interview with ¡ Lord Amulree, the Air Minister, arranged for a deputation ot tho London Chamber of Commerce. It epitomises the possibili- ties of immediate and dramatic accelera- tion in all existing air services. The times quoted were: London to Calcutta. 31 days London to Sydney. 7i days London lo Wellington (N.Z.) 81 days Acceleration of this order involves a 24-hour schedule throughout the flight and the efficient lighting for night navi- gation of the routes. Given this organis- ation there is no doubt that British aircraft constructors aro to-day ' In a position to build immediately fast aeroplanes which could maintain such a schedule with ease, cruising with full load of malls on board at speeds around ISO and 160 miles an hour. I Slr Robert McLean pointed out that the average speed in summer on the Indian air route between London and Karachi, operated by air liners carrying malls and passengers, was' about 28 ralles an hour. Malls, he added, should not be kept stationary for 16 hours of the 24, because they had to travel at the same rate as passengers. Passengers and malls should be separated. Where traffic did not justify separate passen- ger and mall services over a route a wail service operating on a 24-hour schedule should be given preference. EXTENDING TO AUSTRALIA. Lord Amulreo, who expressed much sympathy with the opinion that the de- velopment of efficient day and night air wall services was desirable, stated that proposals for extending tho England India service to Australia were being , considered by Austrlaia and by the Governments of India and of the Straits Settlements. Thc advance in speed and efficiency of British military aircraft during re- cent years has an Important bearing on Inls desired development of Empire air ; services. The latest British ono and ; two-seater fighting aeroplanes attain meeds of approximately 220 and 180 ' "liles an hour respectively even whon carrying a service load; the latest multl enjdned bombers-are little behind them. ' inperier.ee gained In the design, build- ing, and flying of these service 'planes lu already being Incorporated in the ! construction of civil aircraft capable of rouen Improved performance. LORD AMULREE SURVEYS THE R.A.F. Important new facts about recent operations of Royal Air Force aeroplane« and a grave statement on the present "tate of air armaments throughout the world are noteworthy features of th« Air Minister's memorandum issued with «« Air Estimates for 1031, which wil M debated (n the House of Common! M Thursday this week. Tribute to thc trustworthiness ol British aircraft and aero engines h "¡inlicit in the statement that long distance flights undertaken by Royal Ail "ree land and seaplanes during th« year 1930-31 totalled 115,000 machino miles, "without a single case of Injury to personnel or serious damage to air- craft." Tho flights thus reviewed In- clude the annual flight from Egypt to West Africa and back, extended for the first time to Bathurst in tho Gamblu, tho cruise of three aeroplanes from In- dia to Slam and Singapore and back, the successful tour of 3.3S0 miles in Baltic waters by a squadron of large j flying boats, and the flying-boat voyage from England to Ipeland and back. CAIRO TO THE CAPE. To-morrow, another Royal Air Force formation cruise is scheduled to end. On February 7 the three big Vickers troop-carriers chosen this year to make I the annual flight un and down the length of Africa reached Cape Town. They began the return Journey on February ll, and landed at Khartoum yesterday. To-day the machines, each of which Is driven by two Napier 530 h.p. motors, fly on to Atbara, and to-morrow evening they are expected in at Heliopolis aero- drome near Cairo, after a Journey ol nearly 12,000 miles. TORPEDO PLAN ES FOR SINGAPORE. Lord Amulree mentions a flight about which few facts have emerged till now, the transference by sea and air of No. 30 Torpedo Bomber Squadron from Britain to Singapore. Eight of these ii.achlnes-Hawker Horsley 825 h.p. biplanes-were transported to Karachi by sea, and, after assembly, were flown on in two formations to Singapore, 3,400 miles away. "BLIND" FLYING. Royal Air Force pilots aro now train- ed in "blind" flying; that is, in flying by tho aid of Instruments alone without external vision. This branch cf train- ing, still in an experimental stage, has led to the production in Great Britain of training 'planes specially equipped for the work, a marked external future of equipment being the hood, which may be drawn complotely over tho pupll pllot's head, shutting out all vision ex- terior to tho cock-pit. The Air Minis tor states that this training should prove of considerable value in teaching airmen to fly in and navigate through nlouris. The year will* seo the disappearance from the R.A.F. of the last of the "war- time" types of aeroplane. They have done long and faithful service, out their day ls past, and aeroplanes ot up-to date design will take their places. Al- together, twelve squadrons are sche- duled for re-equipment during the year with new machines. Further, the use of wings fitted with automatic slots (the British invention which has gone far to ellmlnnto the danger caused by "stalling" or loss ot flying speed) will be extended. Fifteen different types of aeroplane In the service to-day have slotted wings, and eighty per cent, ot all Royal Air Force 'planes will shortly carry them. ARGENTINE LIKES BRITISH FLYING. Tho Prince of Wales fulfilled bis pro- mise to inspect tho British aeroplanes at Buenos Aires on Saturday morning, when he witnessed at El Palomar aeró- dromo, near the city, a display by air- craft specially sent from Eng'and for flying demonstrations and by Fleet Air Arm aeroplanes from the aircraft carrier Eagle, which are temporarily housed there. Messages from Buenos Aires indicate that the British pilots and 'planes gave a notable display, and General Fran- cisco Medina, the Argentine Minister for War, subsequently eulogised British flying In his speech durlne a luncheon given by the Prince ot Wales nt the Hurllngham Club In honour of Argen- tine nvltion. Particularly Impressive was tho Hawker Nimrod, the new single-seater fighter, selected for re-equipment of the Fleet Air Arm, which le easily (he fast- est machine of its kind In any air ser- vice In the world. Even with-full load on board this remarkable war 'plane is able to attain a speed in level flight of considerably more than 200 n.iies an hour, and Its climbing powers far sur- pass any aeroplane yet seen jn South America. Speed ot this order enabled the pilot to go through a most spec- tacular show of aerobatics. 40,000 MILES A YEAR. New statistics of tho activities, of the flying clubs in Great Britain dur- ing 1930, additional to those quoted In this bulletin two weeks ago, demon- strated that the London Club, one of the oldest flying clubs in tho country, maintains a proud pre-eminence. Tho flying' men and women included among its 420 members, flew for no less than 3,350 hours in the seven aero- planes owned by the club. Allowing for the fact that the club possessed ono of these aircraft only nine months of the year, the average of hours flown by each machine- works out at the astonishing j figure of 497 hours, the highest recorded ' by any club in the country. Examination of the Implications ol this figure emphasise the stupendous amount ot flying done by tho club air- craft and by inference pay high tributf to the strength and durability ol machines and engines. Assuming th« average speed in the air to be 80 mile.' an hour, each machine flow a few mlle« less than 40,000 miles during thc twelve months. Though comparison with motoring milage ls not exact, because ol the difference in average speeds ot tin aeroplane and tho motor-car, yet It ii fair to make an analogy. Tho aero- plane engine, unllko tho car engine turns at constant speed which Is usuall: only a little less than, maximum speed there ts no relief for the engine com parable with the continual closings o the throttle granted the motor-car unit Any motorist, therefore, who attain: an annual milage of the order of 40,00i is qualified to estimate the performanci of these club aeroplanes. The vast bull of tho flying, too, is done during tuition with numberless ascents at nearly ful throttle. It ls very strenuous flying.  SCOTT RETURNING London in 12£ Days KYl>SnOY. Tuesday. Caul. C\ AV. A. ScoTT will leave Mus- ent to-morrow on a return High! to longland, ile does not propose to maleo j any u&lt;tempi, on th« record but wlli ou deuvour to bo in London ¡ul2i days. '  FAST OCEAN TRAVEL. London to Sydney, in 27 Days. ' LONDON, 14th May. London to Sydney, in 27 days ib the pro mise held out. by the Canadian-Pacific Railway Co: when the palatial Tecord breaker: Emoross of Britnin. begins regu- lar trips of fivo days across the Atlantic, followed bv three dnys in the train across the continent and nineteen dayB across tho Pacific aboard the Aorangi.. This will enable business men to- reach Australia well .within .a nionth. The Empress of Britain is a vessel of 42,500 toils. Comforts are promised for all clasBCS,,the most remarkable including a full-sized, tennis court. -  LONDON TO SYDNEY Journey in 27 Days Record-Breaking Liner LONDON, May 13. London to Sydney in 27 days 'is the promise held out by the Canadian Paci- fic Railway when its palatial record breaker, the liner Empress of Britain, begins its regular trips. . The journey to Australia will occupy five days across the Atlantic, three days across the Continent of America, and 19 across the Pacific aboard the motor-ship Aorangi. It will enable business men tm reach Australia (rom England well within the month. The Empress of Britain ls a 42,500 tonner. The comforts which are pro- mised in all classes are very, remark- able, and include a full size tennis court.  PILOT MOLLISON TO ATTEMPT FLIGHT TO ENGLAND EFFORT TO COMPLETE TRIP IN 61 DAYS, STAY IN LONDON FOR WEEK THEN DASH BACK. TWO RECORDS COUGHT. SYDNEY. Wednesday. Pilot J. A. Moliison, of the Australian National Airways, Limi ted, intends leaving Sydney in about three weeks time on a flight to England in a De Haviland Moth, fitted with 115 horse power Gipsy No. 2 engine. plLOT MOLUSON will attempt to -*■ reach England.in 6J days. I The machine will carry, enough pet rol fox an :IS hours alight, *at approxi mately-lOOriniles per hour. •'•] Pilot; Mollison^ proposes tft hop off . from I)erby,-stoppinr on route' at Ba- ■ : tavia, Alor Star, Calcutta; Karachi, Aleppo, Brindisi, and London. j He expects to stay in London for about a week, and then at tempt a record dash back to Aus tralian  IN 15 DAYS. Two London-Darwin Flights. CONNECT WITH QANTAS. &nbsp; SYDNEY, March 30. Two return aeroplane flights be- tween London and Darwin, con- necting with Qantas services to and from Sydney, are being arranged by Imperial Airways, Ltd. Rudders, Ltd., of Sydney, business agents for Imperial Airways, Ltd., re- ceived a cable to this effect to-day. The first aeroplane will leave London on April 4, and will arrive at Darwin &nbsp; on April 19, departing for London on April 27. The second machine will leave London on April 25 and arrive at Darwin on May 10, departing for London on May 17. Mr. Rudder said that the flights were evidently ex- perimental, and the 'planes would probably carry mails from England to Australia. Negotiations were being carried out with the Director-General of Posts and Telegraphs so that mails could be carried from Australia to England by the 'planes on their return flights. It is probable that, should these flights prove successful, a regular service between London and Darwin will be instituted by imperial Air- ways, Ltd.  IN 27 DAYS London to Sydney via America LONDON, May 13. London to Sydney in 27 days Is the promise held out by the Canadian Pacific Rail- &lt; way when the palatial record- breaker Empress of Britain . begins her regular trips. Five days across the Atlan tic, three days across the con tinent of America, and 19 "across the Pacific aboard the- " Aorangi - will enable business . . men to reach Australia well within a month. The vessel will bo of 42,600 tons and comforts are pro mised In all classes, the more remarkable Including a full- slzed tennis court. J  IN |ÏX PAYS. FLIGHT TO -LONDON. AMBITIOUS PLAN. ». fcsYbNEY,;May?'Í2.' I J. ÏA. Mollison, theV^cliíknown I commercial' pilóte' wilfMeáve" for^Lon ¡ don in^ three weeks in a Dc. Haviland ? Moth capablciofiflyjng^lSOO/'jniles at j-á strctchjat 100 mîlesjànv hour; -He. will leave Derby;>&lt;fly via Batavia, Alor srar in the Malay States, Calcutta, Karachi, Aleppo, Brindjsi and Lon- don. Much of his effort ^will include hight flying: '?? ftfter Tjéíng\in|London a week, he wiifjír back';. ' ?. ' His idea .is "to get ito London in six and a^h'^t^^s. |:il|c Hopes to be back again" wmun six weeks."  IN 27 DAYS. London to Sydney. STEAMER SERVICE. (Australian Press Association.) LONDON, May 14. From London to Sydney In 27 day6 Is the promise held out by the Can- adian Pacific Railway Company when the palatial record-breaking steamer Empress of Britain begins her regular trips of five days across the Atlantic. Three days will be occupied by the journey across the continent, and IB days across the Pacific aboard the Aorangi. The route will enable busi- ness men to reach Australia well with- in a month. The new vessel is of . 42,500 tons, and comforts are promised in all classes, the most remarkable In- cluding a full-sized tennis court,  LONDON TO SYDNEY 27 DAYS VIA CANADA. LUXURIOUS SERVICE. . . London. May 14. From London to , Sydney in 27 days is the promise lield oiitrby the Cana dian Pacific ?Railway, Company. When the' palatial ^ecord-breaker Empress of, Britain begins her regu lar tripsi five days' across the Atlan tic, three days across the continent, and nineteen days, across the Pacific, aboard the Aorangi, will, enable busi ness men to reach Australia well within a month.. ? , . The Empress of Britain is a 42,500 ton floatina: .palace,. . ., The comforts promised all classes are most re markable, including a iul^sized ten nis court.  I : ■■ NEW SOUIH WALES MATTERS. N.8.W. AGENT GENERAL. BAD FIRST DAYS IN LONDON. SYDNEY, May 20. In ft telephonic communication with the "Daily Telegraph" to-night, its London representative stated the New South Wales Agent Genera] (Mr. A. C. Willis) was not fludlng his first days in London a bed ol roses. He had been round to see the bankers to ascertain thelv opinions on Mew South Wales, but apparently they do not think much of the State. They told him the people should work harder, and produoe mart tor less wages. They said the credit ol the State was gone, and that it had lost everything. Mr. WUlis replied it that were so, and they couldn't get help from London financiers, the; would in the long run be the worst losers. He also told them there was plenty of money In the banks, but the bankers replied It was not for New South Wales until the State learned to behave itself. Mr. Willis intends to meet all the Agents General on-Friday to discuss a proposal that they should form them-, selves into an economic community to deal with the problems affecting the States.  1 EIGHT DAYS TO SYDNEY! TEST MAY SHOW POSSIBILITY ' (Special Service) LONDON. Tuesday. THE'.';-' millionaire sportsman, Commander . Glen . Kidston, and, to companions. left , England early this morning, in a high-speed American, mail-carrying monoplane, ini an attempt to -reach Capetown In six days. Commander Kidston's object is to show up the comparative slowness of British air mails. He hopes to con vince the Post Office and the Air Ministry of the practicability of get ting a letter to Capetown in six days, and to Australia in eight days; He says that mails should be sent by special fast machines, and pas sengers should travel in the slower types, such as are used at present on British air routes.  Karachi-London Plans of Captain Matthews "Can be Done in Four Days" SYDNEY, February 23. Captain F. R, Matthews, in an at tempt to break tho record from Karachi lo London, hopes to complete tho journey In lour days. Captain Matthews, who returned to Sydney by tlio Marella said that lie was an noyed rather than disappointed at the succession of accidents which had be- fallen lilni. I-Ils. final crash In Northern Australia had heen tho last straw and ho felt that ho was fated not to comploto tho return Journey by air. Ho had abandoned the attempt to Improve on Air Commodore Kingston! Smith's record for tho journey and was shipping his plane to Karachi, whence ho would try to set up a record lime for tho journey to London. "I am satisfied from my -own experi cnces and from the experiences of others," ho said, "that the trip can bo mado In four days, and I nm going to do my best to do it In that time."  LONDON-SYDNEY IN 27 DAYS Canadian-Pacific Plans LONDON. May 14. London to Sydney in 27 days is the promise held out by the Canadian Pacific railway when the palatial re- cord-breaker Empress of Britain begins regular trips of five days across the Atlantic Three days will be allowed for the trip across the American con tinent, and 19 days across the Pacific aboard the Aorangi. This would en able business men to reach Australia well within a month. The vessel, which is ol 42500 tons, will have comforts for all classes. A remarkable feature will be a full-sized tennis court.  TO LONDON IN SEVEN DAYS , MOLLISON TO HOP OFF SYDNEY, This Afternoon. Mr. J. A; Molli son, who intends to attempt a new record for the flight between Australia and England, will leave Sydney on Tuesday for New castle Waters. He will then fly to Derby, W.A., and will leave at' mid night on May 29 for Batavia. He hopes to reach London in seven days. SCOTT GOING WELL SYDNEY, This Afternoon. Mr. C. W. A. Scott, the aviator, left Brisbane this morning for Long- reach. He hopes to reach Wyndham on Sunday. Next day he will hop off on his flight for England;  FLIGHT TO ENGLAND SOOTT LEAVING TO-DAY liONDON JN 12^ DAYS ? fiYUNEY, fPueedav. Flying-Officer * G. W. -Scott will leave Mascot at 8 o'clock 'to-morrow morning on. a flight to England.. He floes not intend to make an -attempt ?on the record, but 'will endeavor to ?%*- in London in 12 ^ days. .  LONDON TO SYDNEY Seven and a Half Days London to Calcutta in 3½ days, to Sydney in 7½ days, and to Wellington (N.Z.) in 8½ days sounds magical even with the present accomplishments and progress in aviation. According to British expert opinion, however, day and night air mail ee-Jvices Tinking England with the most distant parts of the Empire in Htt_-e more than a week are well within tbe bounds of possibility. The above schedule of regular, t.u___* ness-like operation, dependent solely on tbe establishment of high-speed ser vices concerned solely with the car riage of mails, was sketched by Sir Bobert McLean (one of the leading men in the British aircrai^ industry; in an interview with Lord Amuirse (British Air Minister) arranged by tbe London Chamber of Commerce. It epitomises the possibilities of im mediate and dramatic acceleration in all existing air services. A 24-__tour schedule throughout the flight and the efficient lighting for night navigation of the routes would oe necessary. Given this organisation, there is no doubt that British aircraft constructors are to-day in a position to build im mediately fast aeroplanes which could maintain such a schedule with ease, cruising with full load of mails on board at .speeds around 150 and 160 miles an hour. Sir Robert pointed out that the aver age speed in summer on the Indian air route between London and Karachi, operated by air liners carrying mails and passengers, was about 28 miles an hour. Malls, he added, should cot be kept stationary for 16 hours of the 24 because they had to travel at tbe same rate as passengers. The services should be separated. Where traffic did not justify separate passenger and mail services over a route, a mail service operating on a 24-hour schedule saould be given preference.  Link with London Day and Night Air Services To Sydney in Days Day and night air iriail services, linking London with' the most distant parts of tho Emplro In . llttlo' more than a week, arc, according to authoritative British expert opinion, well within the hounds of possibility. Tlio following schedule of regular, buslness-liko operation, dependent.. on the establishment of high-speed ser vices concerned solely with the car riage of malls, was sketched by Sir Robert McLean, who is one of the leading men In the British aircraft in dustry. in the course b£ an ' Interview with Lord Amulree. tho Air Minister, arranged for a deputation of the Lon don Chamber of Commerce, it epito mises the possibilities of immediate and dramatic acceleration in all exist ing air services. Tho times quoted were: — London -to- Calcutta :81 days London. to Sydney .. .71. flays. London lo Wellington, N.Z. 81 days Acceleration of this/ order involves a 24 hours .' schedule 'throughout the flight cud Mho ' efflciont .-lighting for night navigation of. the/routes. Given this organisation - tlicrir ls no doubt that British aircraft "constructors are to -day in a position to -build immedi ately fast aeroplanes ' which could maintain such . n - schedule- with, ease, cruising with full load- of -mails, on hoard at speeds arouncl 150 rind 160 miles an hour. Sir -Robert McLean pointed -otit that the overago speed In summor on tho Indian air route between London and Karachi, operated hy air; liners parry ing mails anq passengers, 'was. about 28 miles an - hour. Malts: Vhe added, should not be kept stationary. for;,lG hours of the 24 because they.\liad;.to. travel nt the'sanio rate as passfe'ngerh. Passengers and- mails should be'sep'ar-. atcd. Where traffic d)d not justify separate passenger and mail services over a route, a mail service operat ing on 'a- 24 -hour schedule should be given preference. : ' . extension to' Australia. Lord Amuirce, who cxproeod much sympathy with the .opinion .that .the dovclopmenli'of efficient day and' flight air mail services was desirable, stated that proposals for extending tho Eng land-India service to Australia were being considered by Australia' and by the -Governments of India and of the- Straits Settlements. " " ' ' The advance: in 'spoed 'and -efficiency of British military aircraft during re-, cent years - has an important hearing on -this desired development of Empire, air services. The latest . British one and two seatcr fighting aeroplanes at tain speeds of approximately 220 and 180 miles an hour .respectively even when carrying a 'service load; the lat ent multl-englned bombers, are little, behind them. Experience gained In the design, building and flying of those service planes ls already being lncor-., porated In th5 construction of civil air- craft .capable of much improved per formance.  LONDON TO SYDNEY— 27 DAYS. London to . Sydney in 27 days is 'tlie promise held out by the Canadian Pa cific Railway when the palatial record- breaker Emnress of Britain begins her regular trips. Five days across the Atlantic, three days across .the conti nent of America, and 19 across the Pa cific aboard the Aorangi"; will enable business men to roach Australia well within a. month. . The vessel will be .of 42,500 tons, and comforts arc promised in all classes, the more remarkable in cluding a full-sized tennis court.  SPEEDIER MAILS 23 Days London to Sydney Possible PLANE TO MEET LINER OFF QUEBEC ("News" Special Representative) LONDON. May 17. The new 42.000-ton liner Empress of Britain will make its maiden voyage from Southampton to Quebec on May 27, A quicker mail service which it will inaugurate may speed up the Aus tralian mails by five days. Interviewed today, a C'anadian-Pacific raihay oficial said that tile actual ocean crossing would occupy three and a half dlays. It was proposed to inaugurate an aeroplane service meeting the ship at the mnouth of the St. Lawrence River and flying the mails to Quebec. This would cnable the saving of four days on the trans Canadian journey. "It is simply a matter of connections at Vancouver whether Australia benefits," he said. "Yokohama (Japan) will now be 17 days from London, and Sydney could be 23 days." The Empress of India will berth at Quebee in a huge new dock constructed at the historic spot where. 172 years ago, CG;l. Wolfe landed, scrambled up the steep cliff, and by defeating Montcalm in the battle of the Heights of Abraham won Canada for Britain. The dock was begun in 1925. Its first section has a total length of 4,352 ft. A secondl section to be un dertaken immediately will consist of a 2.300-ft. pier.  - London - Sydney in 27 Days. LONDON, Wednesday. JjONDON to Sydney in 27 days is the promise held out by thc Canadian-Pacific Railway when its palatial record breaker, the Empress of Britain, begins her regular trips of five days across the. Atlantic. Three days across the Con tinent and then nineteen across the Pacific aboard the Aorangi will enable business men to reach Australia well within the month. The vessel will be of 42,500 tons. The comfort promised for all classes is most remarkable, includ ing even full-sized tennis courts.  AIR MAILS. j England to Sydney. I 1\ DAYS. !JL DEPUTATION to tho Minister for Air (Lord Amulreo) to-day urged that tho Indian air mail bo speeded up. It suggested tho sep aration of the passenger and mail sorvicos, and that cargoes be re duced, enabling the mail sorvico to operate to a twonty-four hour schedulo, and tho establishment of an Empire air mail sorvico involv ing a night-lighted routo, and en abling a 2J-day schedulo to Cal cutta, 7J to Sydnoy and 8} to Wellington. Tho speakors re gretted tho delay in tho oxtorision of the Imperial air routo to Aus tralia. Lord Amulreo roplied that the Aus tralian, Indian and Straits Settlements Governments were considering tho ex tension proposals. Inauguration of tho servico depended largely upon the financial support available.  NEW ATLANTIC LINER. London to Sydney in 27 Days. LONDON, May 14. The Canadian Pacific Railway Company! states that It will be possible to travel from London to Sydney In 27 days when the pala- tial Empress of Britain begins her regular five-day service across the Atlantic. A three-day journey acrosu the Continent and a 19-day trip across the Pacific ty the Aorangi will enable ouslness men to reach Australia well within a month. The Empress of Britain is a 42,500-ton ves- sel, and the remarkable facilities provided for all classes of passengers include a full-slsed tennis court.  TO LONDON IN 62 DAYS. AMBITIOUS PLAN. SYDNEY. May 12. J. A. Molllson, a well known com mercial pilot, will leave for London in three weeks In a Ve B&viland Motli capable of 1800 miles at a stretch at 100 miles an hour. He will leave Derby, and will flv via Batavia, Alor Star (in the Malay Slates), Calcutta, Karachi. Alleppo, Brindlsl and Lon don. Much of his effort will include night flying. After being in London a week he will fly back. His idea is to get to London in pi days. He hopes to be back again within six weeks. 