 TO L0OT)dF m . 14Days. ' ' AIR SERVICE FROM . SYDNEY, Dutch Interests. . ' X ' SYDNEY. Friday. "DRITISH and Dutch Interests - have submitted plans ' to the Federal Government for the Immediate estab lishment of an air service between Australia and London. A decision is expected before the end of the month, and there appears every likelihood that malls will 'short ly be carried from Sydney to London In 14 days! The proposal by the . Royal Dutch Airways has been submitted to the departmental committee assisting the Federal' Cabinet ' In formulating Its civil aviation policy. The Dutch postal authorities, It Is understood, have cabled the Aus tralian Postal Department also re garding the proposal. The Dutch line Is stated to be willing to begin on October 1. ... t ' Sourabaya Is the terminus of the present weekly service from Amster dam, and tho Dutch are willing to link- with the Australian service' at either Koepahg or Wyndham. . WANT NO SUBSIDY. . The Dutch, It is .reported, are ask ing' for no guarantees and no sub sidies, believing that it would be possible to arrive at an equitable rate of freight for the'malls. The manager of the Royal Packet Company, Mr. Bakker, who also re presents the Dutch Airways, said that he could not comment , on the matter at this Juncture. It was- stated on behalf of Austra lian National Airways by Mr. C. T. P. .Dim this afternoon, that that company had also submitted a scheme. The proposed service would be .weekly — 14 days being occupied between London and Sydney. "Much as we would like to co operate with the Dutch, there is a feeling In Australia that any service should be run by Australian Inters ests," said Mr. Ulra. "We ' have ' sufficient equipment available to establish our service with in six weeks." /  Sydney To London By Air In 14 Days! CONTROL BOARD of one of the big Dutch 'planes. OFF TO AMSTERDAM! — Big 'plane takes off from Batavia. AMBITIOUS SCHEME PUT TO-P.M. ? w ? No Subsidy Is Required From Federal Government Dutch Company's Enterprise SYDNEY to London in 14 days I Such a trip looms as an early possibility. « 'TRUTH' is in a position to state than an official offer has been made to the Prime Minister, Mr. Lyons, by the Royal Dutch AirvOays Co. (K.L.M.), which at present flies over a route from Amsterdam to Bataoia, to extend its service to either Darwin or Wyndham, and there connect with an Australian internal aerial service. THE Prime Minister has not yet placed the matter be fore Cabinet, but if the Fede ral Government decides in favor of the scheme, an imme diate start with the London Australia service is contem plated. It Is stated In the offer that no sub sidy of any kind is required or expected. The Royal Dutch Airways Co. last month opened a straight-line accelerated service from Amsterdam to Batavia, with six-passenger trlpie-engined Fokker mon oplanes, engined with 450 h.p. Wasps. The distance, 9,600 miles, Is covered tn 81 daj-R. to be reduced from October I to 7j days. The service is now fortnightly, but from October 1 will be weekly. The Holland-BaUvia service has been in operation for over two years, and it will be recalled that some 18 months ago. one of the Dutch mail-planes made a good-will flight to Darwin, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra. The K.L.M. further expresses its will ingness, in the event of an Imperial Air ways service to Australia being estab lished to then retire from the field if the Commonwealth Government so de sires, or to carry on an alternate ser vice. 1 I -Day Service In the event of the proposal being ac cepted, the K.L..M. is willing to guar antee an 11-day service trom Darwin or Wyndham to London, making a It-day service from Sydney. The K.L.M. planes have a speed of 125 miles an hoar, and fly 1000 to 13Q0 *nlles a day, as the stages require. The same plane tiles through from Xmsterdam to Batavia, and would come on to Australia. The dally hops on the Amsterdam to Batavia route are to Athena, Cairo. Bagdad, Jask. Jodhpur, Calcutta. Ran goon or Bangkok, Medan, Batavia. At the beginning of this ypar. Sir William Nicholson, the British Govern ment's representative on the board of Imperial Airways, Ltd., came to Aus tralia.. Conversations then took place with the Federal Government on the possibilities of extending the Indian service from Karachi, via Calcutta, to Australia, link Ing up at Darwin with an Australian service. Many difficulties arose. The Govern ment was in no condition to give finan cial aid. The Australian companies could not provide the Australian link. In any caBe, their representatives wanted the water jump to Singapore, whereas Imperial Airways wanted to fly seaplanes from Calcutta to Rangoon. Singapore and Darwin. Had No Money Before anything else. Imperial Airways had to extend to Calcutta, which re quired a subsidy from the Indian Gov ernment, which had no money available. Altogether, subsidies of around {75,000 per annum were discussed, half from the British Government and half from the Commonwealth Government, for the CalcuttaMel bourne portion of the flight. In the end Sir William saw the Im possibility of such a service for the time e'VMoney Is the difficulty everywhere.' he remarked. Since his departure negotiations have been in progress f« the amalgamation of «!1 Ihe Australian air-Iincs. so far without success. Too high a value is put on nod-existent goodwills.  DUTCH AIR SERVICE SPEEDING UP MAILS LONDON TO AUSTRALIA IN FIVE DAYS SYDNEY, Wednesday. Colonel J. Q . Koopman, of tlie Royal Du-ikh Air Lines, who is now im Syd ney, sa-id Uiat his company was con sidering plans for shortening the time occupied by aeroplanes from Amsterdam to Batavio. from Si days ti) CO hours. It was proposed to use a machine with a cruising capacity of ?;uu mnes au hour. The 'plane would refuel every 14 hours, and, flying day and night, 8900 miles would bo covered in 00 hours. It would be pos sible for mailt? to be carried from London lb Australia in tiv*, days. A trial flight is to be conducted by Lieutenants D. L. Asjas and D. 11. bchouw between Amsterdam and Batavia, and it is suggested that an Australian 'plane should carry the mail from Batavia to the mainland.  Seven Days for London-Sydney Flight at 200 Miles Per Hour. Now that the British Air Minis! iy is m tiering an air express capable of a speed ;»f 200 miles an hour with hnlf a ton of mail, the performance in sev^n days of -the journey from London in Sydney is becoming appreciably neafer. The machine, a biplane planned on similar lines to the Boulton-Paul 'Sidestrand' twin-engined day bombers used in the Royal Air Force, will operate normally at heights of several thousand feet above the earth, fly ing in stages eight or nine hum.'.red miles in length, and moving, with the help of elaborate navigational equipment, as freely by night as by day. Powered with two moderately supercharged o-)t» h.p. Jupiter radial motors, the craft is designed to cruise at uvcr 150 miles an hour, to attain a maximum speed in level flight of 197 miles au hour, and to fly easily with full load with one engine stopped. A THOrSANI) MILKS NON-STOI'. The non-stop range will be 1000 miles. Two pilots, seated in the nose of the fuselage, will steer and n.ivigate the craft, which from nose to tail will Vie as shapely and clean as a high-sj-eed raver. Construction and preliminary testing: wiil occupy about \t months, fol lowing which the machine will be trie-l ;i!..nfr certain of the Empire air routes.  OF .WILL LEAVE PT. COOK NEXT FRIDAY. SEVEN DAYS TO LONDON. 8YDN2Y. Tuesdav. Tho German airman (Captain Bertram) will leave Point Cook- at dawn on Friday on the first stage ' of hia flight to England. He Is now busy with his co-pilot, G. Al len, at Essendon Aerodrome over hauling the Junkers' monoplane , Atlantio, "ptLABORATE precautions' are being .taken to make the flight. as sate as possible, in consideration of which the monoplane has been : insured - for 6| per; cent, premium compared with, tho usual rate of 10 per cent From Point Cook , the monoplane will fly to Alice Springs. 1 Iiarwln will be reached on Sunday, ; and at 5 a.m. on Monday morning the Atlan tis will leave Australia. The following is the itinerary: First day, Sourabaya, via Blma; 'second day, Medan, via Batavla; third day, Allahabad, via Akyab; fourtli . day, Basra, via Gwadar; fifth day, Athens, via Allepo; sixth day, Marseilles, via Romo. Tho flyers are due in Lon don at noon on the sevontli day. Tho. machine has a large 'fuel cap aclty of 280 gallons, giving: a range of 151 flying hours — appromlmately 1600 miles. Captain Bertram intends to fly don- tlnuously in good weather and dur ing the day in had weather- Ho hopes: to be back here in April to demon strate the suitability of j a , heavier typo of engine for long distince com mercial flying.  ?* .... ! -rrr --: - : - Personal Reminiscences Dr. Cairns* a Native of Pirie, Recently Won Fame in London Medical Circles-References to Mr. Frank Walters, of Pirie-Picture of Trooper Marshall Handed to the Returned Sailors and Soldiers' League - High Tides Which Broke Down the Present Ineffective Eilendale Embank ment 31 Years Ago-^-A Councillor^ Job in the Early Days Was Not A11 "Moonlight and Roses" -Deaths From Sydney Bridge and Others. S. W Osborne.] ABOUT, two years ago, when re . ferring- to the many former Porl * Pirie residents who have made their mark in the professional and com mercial world, I mentioned that a son of Mr. and Mrs. W. Cairns was a Rhodes Scholarship winner. "The Recorder" has already re ferred to the fame which this young Port Pirie native, as Dr. Cairns, has recently won in London medical cir '? cles.- ' ' Though it is a long time since they left here, Mr. and Mrs. Gairns, this brilliant- medico's parents, will ? be remembered by many old resi dents?" Mr. Cairns -conducted a car penter's business here, and Mrs. Cairns (nee Miss Bell) was a suc cessful teacher of music. The latter was also one of Port Pirie's favorite vocalists, and I well remember her singing Kipling's song "Pay! Pay! Pay!" when the famous old ~ horse Bogler was being auctioned here at a patriotic gathering arranged to raise funds on the Boer war period *? .» * An Alert Veteran BORN within the sound of Bow Bells in 11851, yet- still full of vim, is the fortunateexperience "of Mr. Frank Walters, who since 1915 has ren dered yeoman service as secretary of Port Pirie Institute. His natal day was May :2:4 (as also was one of his brothers), Queen Victoria's birthday. S'o The Great Exhibition in Hyde Park-, of which many of us have heard our forbears talk, was only just three weeks old when he made his debut on life's stage. - . -That period seems far distant, and probably at- the present time few of the younger generation.' visiting the Crystal Palace at Sydenham^ are re minded . that this is the ~ building which housed the world's first inter national exhibition. He completed his articles as a solicitor in London in 1&73, his certi ileate for the High Court of Chancery being signed by Master of Rolls Geo. Jessel, the first Jewish /judge of that time-it was d'lsraeli's day while the Common Law one was. signed by Justice Quain. To the latter Is Attached a stamp of the value of £'25. " * ? ? :.» * -- Presentation to Mr. Walters TliiEf presentation made to Mr. Wal ters on Monday last as an acknowledgment of his good work as secretary of St. Paul's Sunday school -commenced about. 30' years ago and still being continued-serves as a reminder of his long connection with that, fihurch.'' As far back as 1877 he was minister's warden to the first rector, Rev. F. T. Whitington, now the Venerable ?Archdeacon of Hobart. The latter visited Port Pirie on the occasion of the silver jubilee in con nection with the present church, and he then declared that, although: he had not seen him since he left here, he recognised Mr. Walters directly he came into the building. iFrom 1&18 to 1*888 Mr. : Waiters practised his profession at Port Augusta, and when there received his commission as lieutenant in the old*. Rifle Volunteer Force, while he also wasi appointed Master, of the Masonic Lodge at the northern port. After some years spent in Orroroo and Adelaide, he returned to Port Pirie in 1897 as representative for Messrs. *Northm ore & B ertram. The latter was then suffering from the complaint to which he shortly after ward succumbed, while Mr. J. A. Northmore had already left for Western Australia, of which State he is now the Chief Justice. C The compliments of the season to our worthy Veteran townsman. r r: " * * : . - ...| First Pirie Soldier to Make j Supreme Sacrifice AT the last meeting' of the Insti tute Committee it was decided to hand over "to the Port Pirie branch of the Returned Sailors' and Soldiers' League a picture of the the late- Trooper A. E. G. Marshall, which for many years hung on a wall of the reading1 room in the old building'.;:ir~ Trooper Marshall was% the first Port Pirie soldier to make the supreme. sacrifice, and it was felt that the Soldiers' Memorial Hall was the most fitting place for the pic ture.. ^ .?.'U Trooper Albert Edward Charles Marshall was killed in the fight with D'e Wet's commando, near Reitz, South Africa, on June 6, ilMMi; . ? In this action" the troop to which .he. belonged \va: reported by Lord Kitchener to havf "behaved with great gallantry." The fallen soldier referred to who was 21 years of age, was th&lt; son of Mr. T. Marshall, of Por Pirie (formerly of Yongala), and foi some years he had been engaged a! Broken Hill Proprietary Company's Works. He left Port Pirle only e few months before to join the Sixth Contingent. .Capt. A. A. Pearce (now Lieutenant Colonel), the officer then commanding E Company, Infantry, when inter viewed by the writer, s£ud: ''Troopej Marshall joined- B Company at thf time of its formation, and aiwayi took a keen and an Intelligent -in terest in his duties1. . He proved by his "actions and' conduct here his right to the title of 'a soldier and a man,\ and in the stirring scenes in which he took part in South Africa I feel quite sure that he ever proved himself worthy of Lord Roberts' tribute to the v Australian soldier 'a hero on -the battlefield and a gentleman everywhere'." On the Sunday morning following the receipt of the news of Trooper Marshall's death E 'Company paraded to attend an in memoriam service conducted at the Methodist Church by the Rev. A. W. Wellington, and I well remember what an impressive service that-was, - ? ?* * Past Floods in Ellendale IN the paper of 31 years ago which contained the above references to Trooper Marshall was reported a meeting "called to consider the best weans, of preventing a repetition of ih e damage and inconvenience re cently caused by the high tides breaking down the present ineffective Ellendale embankment." In view of the suggested Ellendale drainage scheme, for which it was decided at the last meeting of the Town Council to apply for a special grant, a passing reference to that gathering may not be uninteresting. | Mr. L; J. Wilcher (mayor) stated . that, instead of striding a special rate, which wotild result in some property jowners in the locality getting oft .very lightly, they wanted to find out f h ncft intAPActP/i Wftlllrt hft prepared to contrifiute toward the cost. Mr. Sawtell, the owner of several sections of adjacent land had promised to contribute pro rata, and i Mr. Crafrb, who ovyned Tennyson, had" promised £10 toward the work, which was estimated to cost £310. Mr. Hughes (surveyor) produced the plan, and Mr. J. J. Ogilvy-moved ! +K r\4- tha nmiriAil Ho ocl-oH fn. OVAAIlfA i-iictb mt; guuuuii jjc aoacu iu QAUUUIU the work. Mr. R. Brown seconded. In answer to Mr. W. Giles, the chairman saitf that Mr. Sawtell's rates-on his Ave sections-25 acres, equal to 20ft blocks-amounted to £1. 13/8 a year. Mr. W. Goode moved an amend ment that the -Government be asked to. contribute £150, the balance to be taken from West Ward rates and raised by private subscription. Cr. Herbert seconded.* Mr. Ogilvy withdrew his amend ment, and Mr. Goode's suggestion was adopted unanimously. * * . * Early-day Citizens AMONG others who took part in the discussion were Cr. R. G. Symonds, Cr. W. Gannell, Messrs. H. Prest,. Tait, D. Kennelly, J. C. Haslam, and A. R. Ewens. Mr. Ewens pointed out that Mr. Sawtell owned a foot of land run ning round the; north and west of Ellendale. Another speakerremarked that if this were the case that gen tleman "had the door double-locked nn ftiom » Mr. Ogilvy said it did not matter if 50 landowners were benefited so long as Eliendale residents got pro tection. They had a~~good council, with the exception of one of the West Ward councillors, wh6v repre sented only his own street! At a later stage Mr. Ogilvy thanked Cr. 'Herbert for the way in which he had helped to lighten the burden of the Ellendale people since he had been in the council. He further ex pressed the opinion that the resigna tion of Cr. Bunney would afford much satisfaction to residents, of West Ward in general , and Eliendale in particular! - It will thus be seen that even in those days a councillor's job was not all "moonlight and roses.", - * * _ * A Weird Hobby v I TRAVELLER on th e Oronsay, we A are -told," has the matchbox col lectins'. craze rather badly developed, and is proud of the fact that he can display 300 different brands. One who possessed a similarly weird hobby was the late Mr. T. J. S. O'Hall&ran, ®.M; During the period that he presided over Port Pirie Court, when the late Mr. J. P. Stow was ill, he was ever on the lookout for rare specimens. Justice cannot be purchased in South Australia, but if it could have been the individual furnishing Mr. G'Halloran with a rara avis would surely have acquired a big slice. Soon after he left here someone 'pinched" the whole collection, and one wondered what punishment, in Mr. OIHalloran's opinion, would fit that crime! Suicide Bridge SHORTLY after Sydney Bridge wa3 opened I expressed the hope that it would not gain a tragic notoriety such as that possessed by Clifton Suspension Bridge. The latter has not the height of the structure of which the mother State is so proud, but the; distance to the River Avon below is 252 ft., quite deep enough for the 32 who had essayed the drop up to the time I crossed, it last. JBut those who have taken' a jump from Sydney Bridge already number 19, and of these 17 have been fatally injured. I suggested that all these English cases might not have been of people suicidally inclined, but . might have; included some who could not resist the fatal "pull" these high placesr possess. In "The Mail" of last Saturday a doctor said:/ "There are people in Adelaide who will not go in aero planes : or ascend to great heights, fearing an urge which would impel them to jump." There are similar instancesin Port | Pirle and everywhere else. "When the late Hon. T. Price went home some correspondent, who could not have known the place, referred tc his standing- on -Bristol Bridge and saying, "So this is beautiful Bristol." "Very many Australians visited this place during the war,- and they will realise that the remark- was not in duced by the scene viewed from the city bridge, but by the one to be ' seen, to ?Hffton, jBTigtoi's beautiful "su&urb,  SYDNEY.LONDON IN 17 DAYS Darwin-Singapore Äit Route CANBERRA, Monday. Tlie Federal .'Cabinet has adopted the Air Committee's recommendation for ari aerial-'service from Darwin to Singapore. The route will be through. Timor, . Java: and Sumatra, and at' Singapore will link with that of Im- perial Airways. ' When the scheme comes into opera- tion mails will be delivered to Sydney 17 days after their departure from London. 