 FLIGHT TO ENGLAND MONOPLANE £ETS OUT LONDON IN FIVE DATS SYDNEY, .Wednesday. 'Etundrede of friends, relatives and troU . iWBshers witnessed the monoplane, Falitth in Australia, take off from Rich mond aerodrome to-day on a flight to England. The machine left the ground after a run of '8Q0 yards. It caiTied mote than 800 gaBo-ns of petrol. Mr. C. T. P. Ulm srfid: 'We are con fident that we will tbe in England in a ehiittt while.' It is understood that he has planned a iwute which wall land him in London in five days. . Whe crew comprises ^leasrs. Ulm, P. G. Taylor (navigator and co-pilot), end G. U. Allen (relief pilot and wire less operaltor).  TEN DAYS' SERVICE London-Sydney Air Mail Smithy's Forecast SYDNEY. October 16. Expressing the Intention of Ms company to tender for the aerial mail service between Australia and Singapore, Sir Charles Klngsford Smith said that with suitable ma chines there was no reason why a reliable service between London and Sydney should not be Operated on a basis of ten dnvs. The aviator said that this time would allow ample time for nightly rests on' all stages of the journey. His company definitely would be a tenderer. He had told Mr. UJm in London that if his company, which also would tender, was successful, he would join the board of directors in an advisory capacity. Sir Charles said that his own com pany would undertake the building and sale of aeroplanes and in this connec tion he had obtained a license for the building in Sydney of the Percival Gull plane, which was proving very popular. 1 The Miss Southern Cross, on which he had made the record flight, was the 39th of these machines built by Cap win Percival, and there were orders for several more He hoped that the Fede ral Government would see its way to re move entirely the primage from en gines being imported for installing - in Australian-built planes. PROJECT FEASIBLE Using Relief Pilots LONDON. October 15. Commenting on Sir Charles Kings- ford Smith's record flight from Eng land to Australia," tho "London Ob server" says that an average of 1,200 miles a day seems to bo tho limit of human endurance though world ser vices may achieve more continuous travel by means of pellet pilots. Tho prospect. of a ten toys' mail servtoe from London to Melbourne seems now to be feasible. Tbe Imperial Air ways organisation should not tarry behind the brilliant, pioneers. I KINGSFORD SMITH'S BROADCAST. LONDON, October 15. There was a surprise for British broad cast listeners last night when Sir Charles Klngsford Smiths address from Sydney was heard distinctly. |  AVIATION REACH LONDON IN FIVE DAYS PILOT ULM'S OBJECTIVE! "FAITH IX AUSTRALIA" LEAVES SYDNEY SYDNEY. June 21. I The monoplane "Faith In Australia" in which Messrs. C. Ulm, P. G. Tay I lor and G. Allam may circumnavigate | the world, took off from the Richmond aerodrome this morning. Hundreds witnessed the departure. It is bcdleved that Pilot Ulm alms at reaching London in five days. After a rest in England, they may fly to America, down through Honolulu to New Zealand, and back to Sydney. SYDNEY, June 21. With the owner-commander at the controls, Mr. Charles Ulm's monoplann "Faith in Australia" left Richmond ( to-day for a dreary 2,100 miles of the first hop of a probable world flight for England and America. A total load of 14C00 lbs., including 850 gal lons ol petrol was lifted by the 'plane. The assistant pilot, Mr. G. U. Allen, who Is also wireless operator, sent a message out every hour until S3o pin., giving the plane's position. At that hour the 'plane was not far from Hun gerford, on the New South Wales Queensland border. After darkness he could no longer give the latitude, but continued to give O.K. signals every hour. With Messrs. Ulm and Allen Is Captain Taylor, navigator and roller pilot. At 8 o'clock last night somebody climbed into the plane and Innocent ly pulled a heavy wire, which caused oil to flow from the reserve tank and flood the starboard engine sump, and then overflow to the ground. It took the meohanics two hours to rectify the damage to-day. Arrangements have been made with Darby to light fires near the aero drome, for it is expected that the machine should arrive there soon after daybreak. If weather conditions are favorable tha 'plane will leave for Rangoon after the petrol tanks have been filled to their capacity of 1230 gallons, but as it was stated to-day that Mr. Ulm hpnes to be In London | In five days, Calcutta may b? his first stop.  " SMITHY" CUTS TIME BY 40 HOURS London-Wyndham In 7 Days _ — ( CLOCKWORK AIRMAN'S JOKE: "TOO OLD" I _____ | I TOOK DAY | EXTRA COMPLAINS | FLIER RUEFULLY | Was Sick, But Recovered I ____ | WILL RACE ON TO SYDNEY AND 1 MAYBE i MELBOURNE I K I - 1 j "Champion of I the Lot" _ When Sir Charles Kingsford Smith made a perfect three-point landing at Wyndham at 5.14 p.m. (Wyndham time) yesterday, he set a new record for the England-to- Australia flight of 7 days 4 hours 50 minutes. The flying Knight, in his rercival-uull, thus beat Scott's existing best time of 8 days 20 hours 44 minutes by 1 day 15 hours 54 minutes . He will leave there at 7 a.m. to-day, and fly against the record' to Sydney, heading for Charleville to-night. He may go straight, on from Sydney to Melbourne. WYNDHAM, Wednesday.—' As the pale blue spick, and span monoplane taxied up to the "sausage,'.' the weary aviator opened his enclosed cockpit. "Welcome to Australia, Smithy!" shouted several voices. "You're the champion of the lot," added one enthusiast. "Not such a good performance, lad," was Smithy's first remark "Seven days four hours fifty minutes by my clock, and a day longer than I should have been," ne said rue fully. "I'm getting too old for these stunts," he added laugh ingly. Sir Charles looked very fit and pleased to be home again. His only complaint was sleepiness and thirst. The latter was soon remedied, and Smithy drank his own health in Ice-cold ale. "The first for two months." he remarked. Day in Bed "I had perfect flying conditions," said Sir Charles, "except for one day, when it rained furiously. "On the Persian Gulf I went to pieces, and had to put in a day in bed. "I'm afraid my friends thought I was finished," he added smilingly. "Conditions to-day were perfect, although X had a head wind at the start. It was with me after passing Koepang. "I do not like travelling over the sea with one engine, and never will. "One hears all sorts of knocks and splutters. Still, here I am again. "As a matter of fact, my little en gine behaved perfectly, and so did the plane right throughout. "I fancy that my hop from Brin- disi to Baghdad of 1615 miles is thq longest yet recorded for light planes. I think Mollison's 1610 from Wynd ham to Batavia was the previous best. "It was after this hop that I re alised that things were breaking my way, and determined to have a crack at the record. As my diary shows, It's been a pretty, constant fight against sleeplessness and that extra- ordinary sicKness ana nervousness x get over water. "I suppose doctors would call it Aquaphobia, but whatever it is, it is pretty rotten. Over the Timor Sea at one stage to-day I felt as though I would have to get out of the plane and break out into the open. Now that the sea is over, I will be as right as rain. "My last long flight will be in the Melbourne Centenary air race next year, which I hope to win, though I have no doubt that my present record will be severely flattened. Smithy intends to leave Wyndham to-morrow. "I forgot my Australian maps," he remarked, "and the country is too tricky to take risks with." Dash To Sydney "It is no trouble to us," were Kingsford Smith's first words when congratulated at Wyndham by the agent of the Vacuum Oil Co. Smithy I was wearing a white shirt and grey "flannel trousers. He looked amazing ly fit. He is leaving at 7 a.m. to day, and intends to make the fastest possible time to Syd ney. He will use the northern route by Newcastle Waters, Longreach, and Charleville. He may reach Charleville to-night. "It was a splendid trip," said Sir Kingsford Smith, In a telegram to Vacuum Oil last night. "Plume and Mobiloil and your service were, as usual, all I could wish. The Per- ceival Gull and the Gipsy engine per- lunnua The Vacuum Oil Company has telegraphed to "Smithy" suggesting that he should fly on to Melbourne as soon as possible, and so establish the record London to Melbourne as well as London to Sydney. It is pointed out that this is of special interest, in view of the Cen tenary air race. Here On Friday? Mr. John Stannage yesterday in formed Sir Charles Kingsford Smith by telegram of the recent decision of the Federation Aeronautique In ternationale to recognise as a record only a flight between London and Sydney. Although Mr. Stannage had re ceived no reply last night, he was of opinion that Sir Charles would push on to reach Sydney as quickly as possible. If he maintains his average hops, |" he should be.- in Sydney, on Friday . evening, and Mr. Stannage believes that he will continue the flight to Melbourne next day. "Your Daddy's Safe" MELBOURNE, Wednesday.— Lady Kingsford Smith, since her return from the East two days ago, has been staying with her sister, Mrs. T. Pat- erson, at Caulfield. "Isn't that wonderful?" was all she could say to her telephone informant who announced her husband's safe arrival. Wifh f.hnf-. slip rushed to the nur- sery, where Master Charles Arthur Kingsford Smith had been reposing since six. He half woke frowningly "Your Daddy's perfectly safe, my darling," whispered the mother, and the cherubic eight and a half months' old baby turned in his cot and re sumed his sleep. Lady Kingsford Smith said that she had been worrying during shop ping in the afternoon. The lures of the dress emporiums had left her cold. She came back to the house still feeling disturbed. "Give me an ocean flight that is over in one hop any time in prefer- ence to the long-distance ones," she said. Lady Kingsford Smith is remaining In Melbourne till her husband reaches here.- KING INFORMED (SPECIAL SERVICE) LONDON, Wednesday. Sir Kingsford's feat was almost Im mediately communicated by tele phone to the King at Sandringham 1 | Mostly international » Sit ; i Charles Kingsford Smith's i major flights now total about | 110,000 miles, i Miles ROUND AUSTRALIA l (1927) 8000 ' ACROSS PACIFIC (1928) 7850 , N.Z. AND BACK (1928) . 3500 l ACROSS AUSTRALIA AND BACK (1928) .. 4000 i COFFEE ROYAL AND BACK (1928) 4200 ! TO ENGLAND (1929) .. 12,200 l ACROSS ATLANTIC (1930) 2600 | ENGLAND-AUSTRALIA I (1930) 12,200 SYDNEY -WYNDHAM ! (1931) 2700 AUSTRALIA-GREECE- J LONDON (1931) .. .. 12,000 LONDON AND BACK (1932) WITH MAILS 24.000 I N.Z. AND BACK (1933) . 3500 I LONDON-AUSTRALIA ' (1933) 12,700 TOTAL 109,450 | THE PERCIVAL GULL plane of the type " Smithy " used. I  LONDON IN FIVE DAYS! PJUMEUTKI) IMJICÍII'U HYDNIOYi Thursday With UH owner commander ut the controls Charles Ulm'« monoplane "Faith i" Australia" lort Ulohmond to-dny for Derby t! loo miles, on tho first hop of u probable world flight via longland and Alliierten. Tho crew includes assistant pilot tl. Ullon anil Captain Taylor navigator and relief pilot. Th« "l«'allh in Australia" ls ex- pected to reach Herby carly this morn- ing and if weather conditions aro fav- ourable will resume thu flight the same day, und, ns lt was stated yes- terday that Ulm hopes lo be In London in five day, Calcutta may bu the first stop. IJJiM AT IH0IU1V 1>ICUBY, Friday Charles Ulm arrived . yesterday morning In the plane "Faith in Aus- tralia" after, a good trip from Syd- ney. They leave Friday night on the flight to longland. The- plane is Inper- fect order, TOOK OFI'l LAST NIGHT MK «HY. Friday Pilot c. T. Ulm anti his companions definitely decided to leave nt midnight to-night and appearances aro they will be favored with a fairly strong south-easterly breeze which will great- ly assist. Tho petrol consumption was much below expectations for the flight from Sydney to Derby. They ex- pected to have to pick up 1300 gnllons. but only fi"!i were needed.  THREE DAYS London-Sydney "With aeroplane engines in their present state of development if is possible for the flight from London to Sydney to be made within three days, allowing for night flying and relief pilots," said Flight- Le'.utcnflr.t C, J. Moir, president of the Mew South Wales Aero Club, when re cently discussing the record that might be established in air races be tween London and Australia in thfe near future. "The aerial distance between Lon don and Sydney is about 12,000 miles, according to flight reckoning," added Flight-Lfeutenant Moir. "There are already several 4-eliable makes of aeroplahes which are con- sistently cruising at 250 miles an - hour and are capable of up to 280 j or 290 tniles an hour under favor able wind conditions. A pilot flying solo could make Sydney from London in one of these machines, flying only ten hours per day, giving 14 hours out of each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep. Assum ing the weather conditions were not favorable, and that head, instead of following winds, were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at 250 miles an hour would give a daily journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney within fear days of London. "But assuming the same machine was flown with relief pilots, with, ample provision for fuelling on the journey, it would be possible for 22 hours daily to be flown, which would give a daily distance of from 5500 to 6000 miles, according to the weather ahd wind conditions. With favorable conditions and ordinary pilot's, luck, the journey to Sydney could be accomplished within from 48 to 80 hours from London." Referring to the time likely to be taken by the winner of the centen ary air race from England to Aus tralia, the ChieL of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore S. J. Goble, said : "I think two , and a half days to 1 :'nys will wm the rare." O Tkavit . Kir.gsford SrtiiiH said I '.hat' he thought the' route could be covered i n three and a - half days, HIGH FOREHEADS AND BRAINS i People who pride themselves on . their high foreheads as a sign of in telligence must take a hack scat if Dr. Altes Hrdlicka, an anthropolo gist of the Smithsonian Institution, is right in his latest studies. Speak ing in Philadelphia (reports the American -correspondent of the "Sunday Despatch") he said that 30 years' work in measuring foreheads had proved to him that intellectual ly there was no difference between the highbrow and the lowbrow. So far as height of forehead went, added Dr. Hrdlicka, the American who descended from the Mayflower Pilgrims compared unfavorably with the Eskimo of Alaska, who had oiie of the highest foreheads among the groups ho examined. Dr. Hrdlic ka spent a long time on Ellis Island sfeudying the immagrants of 14 na tions. The lowest forehead he found in relation to stature was among Armenians, who were re nowned for their shrewd trading qualities.  Champion Of Champions Gun Cup Won by A. T. Megaw NARRACOORTE, June 25. The final shoot for the Champion of Champions Cup of South Australia, was held here on Saturday. The cup was pre- sented by Mr. F. A. Tubb, of the Melbourne Gun Club. There was keen competition among the 17 competitors, comprising shooters from Glenburnie, Mount Gam- bier, Nelson (Victoria), Penola, and Narra- coorte. The match resulted in a win for A. T. Megaw, who grassed 13 out of the possible 15. Details :— A. T. Megaw, 13; A. K. Lawson, J. Har- rington, T. Redman, 12; C. Goodwin, B. Bishop, "Fred." J. Tregenza, J. McEachern, 11; P. Barclay, J. Hill, 10; J. Robinson, A. B. Harrington, 9; G. Bishop, 7; V. Davis, 7 (retired); H. Roche, 5; A. R. Attiwill, 4 (retired). &nbsp; &nbsp; A. K. Lawson and J. Harrington divided for second in the sweep run in connection with the cup shoot. Megaw won a miss- out sweep, a double rise and also the last sweep. J. Robinson won a five bird sweep.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS , 'With aeroplane engines in their present state of development it is possible for the flight from London to Sydney to be made within three days allowing for night flying and relief pilots,' said Flight-Lieutenant S. J. Moir, president of the ' Nt»w Smith Wnlps Aern dull. when re cently discussing the record that might be established in air races between London and Australia in the near future. .'The aerial distance between Lon don and Sydney is about 12,000 miles, according to flight reckoning,' added FHght-Lieutenarit Moir. 'There are already several reliable makes of aeroplanes which are consistently cruising at 260 miles an hour and are capable of up to 280 or 290 miles an hour, under favourable wind conditions. A pilot flying solo could make Sydney from London in one of these machines flying only ten hours per day, giving fourteen hours out of eath 24 ? for attention to the engine and rest and sleep. Assum ing the weather conditions were not favourable, and that head, instead cf following, winds, were encountered, then flying IS hours daily at 250 miles an hour ' would give a daily journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney within four days of London. 'But assuming the same machine was flown with relief pilots, with' emple provision for fuelling on the journey, it would be possible for 22 hours daily to be flown, which would give* a ' daily distance of from 5500 ' to 6000 miles, according to the wea ther and wind conditions. With fa vourable conditions and ordinary pilot's 'luck,' the journey to Syd ney could be' accomplished within from 48 to, SO hours from London.' Referring to the time likely to be taken by the winner of tbe centen ary air race from England to Aus tralia, the Chief of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore S. J. Goblo, said: 'I think two. and a half days to three days will win the race.' Sir Charles Eingsford Smith said that he thought the route could be covered in three find a half - days^.  ENGLISH CRICKET TOUR MANAGER. Appointment of Mr. Harold Bushby. BOARD OF CONTROL'S IMPORTANT DECISIONS. Mr. Harold Bushby, Tasmanian representative on the Board of Control, yesterday was appointed manager of the Australian cricket eleven, which will leave Fremantle on March 2G for London. Allow- ances to the manager, treasurer, and players will be the same as those for the 1930 tour. The Board of Control agreed that the Test matches should be limited to four days, the fifth to be played outright if the fate of the "ashes" depends upon the result. SYDNEY, September 22. The board to-night appointed Mr. Harold Bushby, Tasmanian represen- tative on the board, to be manager of the Australian Eleven in England next year. Mr. W. C. Bull, one of the New South Wales delegates, was appointed treasurer. * Both Mr. Bushby and Mr. Bull ara legal men. Mr; Bushby, who is 45 years of age, accompanied the 1926 team to England as a visitor, and he attended the Imperial Cricket Confer- ence as co-delegate with Mr. Sydney Smith, jun., the manager of the team. He is an ex-president of the Board of Control. To Leave on March 26. The Board of Control to-day made further arrangements for the visit to England by an Australian Eleven next year. The first official appointment made was that of W. Ferguson, who will again be the baggage supervisor and official scorer. It was announced thai the Austra- lian Eleven would sall by the Orford which would leave Fremantle on March 26 and arrive at London on April 26. The team will return by the Orontes leaving London on Sep- tember 29 and arriving at Melbourne on November 5. The team will as- semble at Melbourne, and will play two matches in Tasmania, a match at Perth, and another at Ceylon. The Allowances. The allowances to the manager, treasurer, and players will be the same as those for the 1930 team. The manager will receive an allowance of £650 as follows: £100 prior to embar- kation, £400 while in England, and £150 on return to Australia. The trea- surer will receive £600 in-amounts of £100, £350, and £150, and the players also will receive £600 each in similar amounts. There is a, proviso that the last payment to the players (£150) will be made with the consent of the chairman of the board on receipt of a satisfactory report from the mana- ger of the team. AU paymenrs will be in the currency of the country in which the payments are made. A masseur will be appointed in England. As a sequel to complaints concern- ing the frequent delays in some big matches last season while drinks were served to the players the board has decided to suggest to the M.C.O. that a clause be inserted that drinks shall not be taken on to the field more often than once during each session of play. Hours of !._/. For Test matches at Lord's and the Oval the minimum charge will be 3/, including tax, and for the other Test matches the charge will be 2/6, includ- ing tax. Tlie board agreed to the fol- lowing hours of play: FOR COUNTRY MATCHES. First day: Noon to 6.30 p.m. Second day: 11,30 a.m. to 6.30 p.m. Third day: 11.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. The board, however, will suggest to the M.C.C. that captains should be permitted to agree that. on the last day play may commence at 11 a.m. and cease at 5 p.m., for the purpose of facilitating travel arrangements. For the Test matches the M.C.C. proposed that on the first day play should start at 11.30 a.m., and on other days at 11 a.m., play to cease each day at 6.30 p.m. The board has decided to suggest that on each day play should be commenced at 11.30 a.m. The board agreed to four days' duration for each of the test matches, with a provision regarding the fifth match being played to a finish if there was a chance of the destination of the "ashes" depending upon its re- sult. The board suggested a careful word- ing of this clause to provide that, if at the end of the fourth test, the dif- ference in matches won is not greater than one, the fifth test be played to a finish. This would mean that if one team led by one win to nil, or two wins to one, the fifth test would have to be played out, as there would be a chance of the other team drawing level in wins. THE SELECTORS. The board appointed three selectors: Dr. C. E. Dolling (South Australia). Messrs W. M. Woodfull (Vic), and IE. A. Dwyer (N.S.W.).  Germany's Dramatic Action Forces a World Crisis. MAIL IN TEN DAYS. London to Sydney. BASIS FOR NEW SERVICE. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, who will tender for the Australia Singapore air mail 'contract, con- siders that the service between Sydney and London can be oper- ated on a basis of 10 days. SYDNEY, October 15. During an interview after his arrival at Mascot aerodrome, Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said that he had now 5851 hours and 20 minutes' actual .'ly- ing in his aviation log book. The average speed would be about 100 miles per hour, which would give a total of over 585,000 miles. The actual flying time from Lympne (London) to Wyndham (W.A.) was 88 hours, and the flying time from London to Sydney just under 112 hours. With suitable machines there was no reason why a reliable aerial service should not be operated on the basis of 10 days between Sydney and Lon- don, allowing ample time for nightly rests on all stages of the journey. EXPANSION OF COMPANY. "I intend to go fully into the con- I ditions of the tenders for the aerial mall service between Australia and i Singapore," said Sir Charles. "I will rest for about a week in Melbourne. Definitely, my company will be a tenderer for this service. I told Mr. Ulm iu London that if his company, which will also tender, was successful in getting the contract, I would join his board of directors in an advisory capacity. In the meantime, I am pre- paring plans for the expansion of the aviati-n work of my own company, and for my own tender for the aerial mail contract." Amongst the undertakings of his | company, he said, would be the build- ing and sale of aeroplanes. He had obtained a licence for the build- ing of the PerciVal Gull aeroplanes in Sydney. These m- -hines were proving very popular. IMPORT ENGINES. The Miss Southern Cross, on which he made the record flight, was the 39th of these machines built by Cap- tain Percival, and he had several more orders on hand. The engines for these machines would have to he Imported. Sir Charles said he hoped , the Federal Government would see its way to remove entirely Die I primage from engines being imported for installing in Australian-built aero- planes, Limit of Endurance. , LONDON, October 15. Commenting on Sir Charles Kings- ford Smith's record, the "Observer" says:-"An average of 1200 miles a day seems to be the limit of human endurance, though world services may achieve more continuous travel by means of relief pilots. The prospects of a 10-day mail service from London to Melbourne seems now to be feasible. An Imperial organisation should not tarry behind brilliant pioneers." Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's broad- cast from Sydney last night was heard distinctly in London.  Smithy's Appointment OCT. 12 Back In Sydney leaving eng. tomorrow HOME IN SEVEN DAYS? LONDON, Sundav. Sir CLarlcs Kingsfcrd Smith now expects to leave Lympne at dawn on "Wednesday. He will make the fastest possible time to Wyndham, without unduly straining the machine, which is a handsome new Gull cabin mono plane. Miss Southern Cross has 130 horse power with a Gipsy-Major engine, and a cruising (speed of 120 miles with a maximum 140 hourly. Ex tin tanks give a range of nearly "2000 miles. The plane 16 now at Hcstoii. Sir Charles will make full load tests at the Fairey Aviation Company's aero drome at Hayed, as Hestou aerodrome does not provide sufficient runway. PLANE FOR BIG RACE. The "Daily Herald" says Sir Charles Kingsford Smith spent the week-end walking London streets, unrecognised. "I intend to keep an appointment in Sydney on October 12," lie said when interviewed. "I expect to take a week on the flight. My Pcreival Gull plane has wonderful possibilities. It is a type T have never flown a. long distance be fore. I don't know if I shall ever re turn to England. But one thing would, make me do so — the offer of a plane to compete in the London-Melbourne air race."  to®TJX^NGLAND Monoplane Sets Out Iipndoti ift Five Days :.V 8YIJNBV, WedneBdtf^ ■itHundnedB' of -friends, relatives ?80_ well/'wishers witnessed the raohopra Faith in Australia, take off from K«® . roond aerodronie to-day on a nign Ensladn. ®he;niachiBe left after a riin of-son werd"1 • jnnh» than .80.9, gallons of petrw ^ Mr. C. 4?. T^'Olm Said; we wj confident' tMt toetofll he in EnE1*", "sajasi h. m. **». a rohte ^'hloh iMSand him ln Lon ; in inm/F .The eiiew'comjirfses Messrs o; ij&yi&r ::fhavlBhtor and pilot'and V"®' £  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS. POSSIBLE SERVICE. FLIGHT-LIEUTENANT MOIR'S OPINION. "With aeroplane engines in their present state oí development It is possible for tha flight from London to Sydney to be mad« within three days, allowing for night flying and relief pilots," said Flight-Lieutenant S. J. Moir, president of the New South Wales Aero Club, yesterday, in discussing the record that might be established in air races between, London and Australia in the near future. "The aerial distance between London and Sydney is about 12,000 miles, according to flight reckoning," added Flight-Lieutenant Moir. "There are already several reliable makes of aeroplanes which are consistently cruising at 250 miles an hour and are capable of up to 280 or 290 miles an hour under favourable wind conditions. A pilot flying solo could make Sydney from London in one of these machines flying only ten hours per day, giving fourteen hours out of each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep. Assuming the weather conditions were not favourable, and that head, instead oí fol- lowing, winds were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at 250 miles an hour would give a daily Journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney within four days of London. "But assuming the same machine was flown with relief pilots, with amnle provision for fuelling on the Journey, it would be possible for 22 hours daily to be flown, which would give a daily distance of from 5500 to 6000 miles, according to the weather and wind con- ditions. With favourable conditions and ordinary pilot's 'luck,' the journey to Sydney could be accomplished within from 48 to 50 hours from London." "This is not a phantastical estimate," con- cluded Flight-Lieutenant Moir, "as these fast times are being maintained over established air routes at the present time. Four years ago in a lecture I stated that a schedule easy of constant accomollshment would be seven days between Sydney and London. The recent flights of Air Commodore Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and Mr. Ulm have shown how easily such a service could bo established. There will almost certainly be a four days' flight between London and Sydney in tha near future." MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Referring to-day to tlie time likely to be taken by the winner of the centenary air race from England to Australia, the Chiof of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore S. J. Goble, said: "I think two and a half days to three days will win the race." Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said yesterday that he thought the route could be covered In three and a half days.  FAMOUS WOOL CLIPPER TO SAIL THE SEAS AGAIN Cutty Sark Coming to Australia Once Sailed from Sydney to , London in 80 Days Has Romantic History Several days ago a cable announced that the famous clipper, Cutty Sar, had been refitted for sea by Captain W. H. Dowman, her owner, and it was intended to sail her to Australia again. If she reaches these shores the Cutty Sark will become the cynosure of all eyes, for no more gracefid or trimmer ship ever sailed the seven seas. She visited Brisbane as a wool carrier in the nineties. /"YVEJR 60 years ago-when Bismarck ^ was stilt plotting against France, and the fair Montijo still queened It at Versailles, and Gladstone wan jusi about forming his first Administration -when women still wore crinolines and chignons, aud tea was rouua about 6s a lb. and the Bucz Canal not yet opened-then, in days which seem to times like these almost as strange and remote as those of Tutankhamen, thero was launched at Dumbarton a *hip {small lib we count ships now adays) which was destined to have a career as notable ns ever a ship had before or since, and one, moreover, i of which ntlthor lier builders nor her j first owner ever dreamed. In the j old fairy-tale dayB it was usual when a princess was christened for fairies to attend at the ceremony, of whom some brought gifts of a wholly desir able nature, leaving It to the last comer, a cantankerous and ironical lady, to endow the infant with some quality which should entirely nullify ( the kindly intentions of hor more ami- j able sponsors. One imagines some' such bestowal of gifts, good and bad, at the christening of the new ship, i one sponsor saying, 'She shall have j long life,' another 'She shall have j beauty above her peers,' a third 'She shall be loved of many,' while the last j droped the gall Into the cup w^tb the , words, 'She shall outlive her own gene ration.' " Thus Miss C. Fox-Smith opons hor book, "The Hcturn of the Cutty Sark," a "short biography of the colebrated vessel." The writer tells that Captain John Willis, for whom the Cutty Sark was built, was a typical example of the retired ship master-owner. He always had a great deal to say In tho design j of ships, and tho plans of the Cutty: i were altered more than once In accord-' | ence with pet Ideas of his own. The THK CUTTY BARK. contract for bis now ship went to ? quite now and practically unknown firm, that of Scott and Linton, of Dum barton. Tho llfo of the Arm was 11 brief one, and tho Gutty Sark was its swan eong. Scott and Linton were like those folk whoBe immortality is assured by a single song, painters who live in a single picture. They built half a dozen ships beBide the Cutty Sark; none other of any size or note. Naturally they were highly delighted at securing so Important a contract, and the probability Is that they cut things as fine as they could to get it. And no doubt old John Willis, hard man of business as he was, drove a good bargain with the new firm; so good that.some peo ple say the Cutty 6ark broke them. Whatever the reason, Scott find Linton failed bofore the ship was fin* Isbed, and Denny Bros., of Dumbar* ton, completed her, Linton Derigned Her. The Cutty Sark's designer was the late Hercules Linton, a member of the firm. He had been reared in the clipper tradition, for he had learned his craft in the famous yards of Hall, of Aberdeen. Tho Cutty Sark is, of course, what Is known as a composite ship. This phase of ship building, though It las* ted little more than a dozon years, produced some of tho finest, fastest and most durable vessels of the dayB of sail. It marked the transition from wood to Iron. Built Of Teak. The Cutty was built of teak throughout, with Iron beams, and sho had n teak deck. Her Bpar plan was much Bfitjarer than that of most of tho clipper-shlpa of tho period. Her main mast from deck to truck was nearly 150 feet, and with stunsalls sproad, extending on each side so us practically to double tho width of hei Bails, she woe a veritable cloud of canvas. She was painted black, with a gold lino lovel with the main deck, and lots of decoration on her ntorn and figurehead. She sailed from Lon don on February 35, 1870, with gen eral cargo for China. Her First Trip. - Her firat passage was not a spoclally fortunate ono. She was by no means lucky in her weather, and the little accldonts which aro inevitable in a new ship before sho has "found her self" were rather more numerous than usual. Probably iron work in ships wan at that time still In Its ex perimental BtageB. Captain Moodie's log, with Ita many Impatient refer ences to tho waywardness of tho wca thei1, displays the not unnatural irri tability of a man particularly anxious to show oft liiB now ship's paces. The Cutty; liko the Thermopylae, waB tlio object of much criticism, both favor able and otherwise, on hor arrival In China. "I -was on board of hor in China," says one writer, "at the end of her maiden run, and the same as a good many there, did not know whe ther I quite liked hor or not. How ever, we were all bad prophets, and little suspected that she would outlast the splendid fleet of clippers which came East In thoBe days." The Cutty aalled from Shanghai on June 26, to tho usual accompaniment of cheering and gunflro, and tho strik ing of shtPB' bellB. The writer pro ceeds to tell the Btory of the Cutty Sark's career in tho Chinese and the Australian trade, devoting consider able space to the 1872 passage from China as being the . only occasion when circumstances permitted tho vessel actually to race with tho Ther , mopylae. j China Tea Trade. I To carry off the blue riband of the , China tea trade was the great ambl . tlon of many a shipowner during the mld-nlnetoenth century. The Cutty Sark's supporters claimed that bur. tor the IOBB of her rudder sho would .' have completed the passage at least a 'fortnight sooner than she did, and 'thus beaten tho Thermopylae by a week. Miss Fox Smith carries the story on to 1893, and the last voyages tp Sydney and Brisbane before the sale to the Portuguese. "Thereafter her story Is a tad little Odyiioy of unfamiliar port* and strange cargoes, of neglect and grime and buffetlngs by wind and sea," she writes. "Escaping as by a miracle the risks of war sho was nearly lost In a hurri cane a few dayB out from Delagoa Ray, and reappeared after refitting, riggeil as a barquentlne. Her original Portu guese purchasers from Captain Willis sold hor again in 1919, and she sank still lower In tho scale of forluuo. X taw hor in Surrey Docks in November. 1921, and like everyone else with a heart for a fair Bblp fallen on evil oays, felt the mute appeal of her wistful and noglected beauty. But bet ter days were in store. Chance took her into Falmouth, aB a renull of a battering In the Channel, and there Captain Dowman, a retired sailing-ship eklpper living at Flushing, happened to see hor, and bought hor back for the Rod Ensign." The writer accompanied the famous clipper on hor first trip to sea after her reconditioning and return to her old name and flag. it was but a ehort cruise without canvas, and with tho hawsers of a couple of Falmouth tugs on board. Gull-like Grace. ? She tells:-"The point which always ! strikes one about the Cutty 1b her Hook of guU-lilte grace and buoyancy, I even whon flhe is at anchor or tied up to a wharf. It did not desert her when she lay a captive In the Surrey docka. Her Immobility la not death, but Buapended animation. "She lies on the water like » reBtlng swan, ready at a sign to quiver Into lovely life and move ment . . . She slipped leisurely along tM coast In the wake of lier tuga, and it was wonderful to note how easily she went through the water with as little noise and fuss aa a Ash. It gavo one some Idea of the secret of her great speed, which thero cun bo no doubt depended us In tho caae of moat of the crack clippers, aB much on the lines of her hull a3 on hor sail plan. Ar.d, just for a moment, tho P»Bt was the present, and tho prosent the past. Sbo was taking her pilot again with the long weeks and months of tho voyage behind her, tho thundering westerlies, the stormy Horn, tho smell of tho Antarctic Ice, tho golden tropic days, tlio Btar-Eown tropic nights . . . 80 days from Sydney Heada. first homo of the racing wool fleet." Australians will aBBuredly bo inter ested to 800 this grand old clipper.  London to Sydney in Ten ^Days! Sir Charles Kin&sford Smith's Record Flight SIR CHARLES KINGSFORD SMITH. THE SCENE AT MASCOT IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE ARRIVAL. Sir Charles s 'plane is in the foreground, the aviator himself being among the group clustered on the lorry in the centre. Sir Charles being Welcomed by the Crowd Upon the Completion of His Flight In t.trlc-i' that everyone might see the hero ol l lin hour, the aviator, uftt-r al it-htiny lroru hitt 'plane, mounted a lorry ami was iliivrii -.l.iwly round Lhe u-'ound. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith , flying solo in a Percival Gull monoplane, arrived in Syd ney last Saturday afternoon at the conclusion of a direct flight from London in ten days. His actual time from England to W yndhatn — his first Australian port — Was 7 days 4 hrs 47 min. Sir Charles flew on to Mel bourne on Sunday. THF, PERCIVAL GUIX MONOPLANE. 7 /ie previous record between England and Australia (established by Mr. C. IV A. Scott) Was 8 days 20 hrs 44 min., which Sir Charles has now beaten by I daij 15 hrs 57 min. The designer of the machine in which the record was made is Captain Percioal, of Sydney , a fact which adds materially to the interest of the flight.  LONDON TO SYDNEY In Three Days "With aeroplane engines in their present state of development it is possible for the .flight from London to Sydney to be made within three days allowing for night flying and relief pilots," said Flight-Lieutenant S. J. Moir, moir, president pre;sia«ut «i1 of the «« New o»u«. South Wales Aero Club, when recently discussing the record that might be established in air races between" LoTdon and Australia in the near future. The aerial distance between London and Sydney is about 12,000 miles, according to flight reckoning," added Flight-Lieutenant Moir. "There are already several reliable makes of aeroplanes which are consistently cruising at 250 miles an hour and are capable up to 280- or 290 miles an hour under favourable wind conditions. A pilot flying solo could make Sydney from London in one of these machines flying only ten hours per day, giving fourteen hours out of each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep. Assuming the weather conditions were not favourable, and that head, instead of following, winds -were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at- • 250 miles an hour would give a daily journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney within four days of L(Jndon. "But assuming the same machine v.-as flown with relief pilots, with ample provision for fuelling on the j ourneyi jt would be possible for 22 hours daily to be flovn. which would ei Ve a daily distance of'from 5500 to 6000 miles', according to the weather and wind conditions. With favourable conditions and ordinary pilot's "luck," the journey to Sydney could accomplished -within from 48 to 50 hours from London." Referring to the time likely to be taken by the winner of the centenary air race from England to Australia, the Chief of the. Air Staff, Air-Commodore S. J. Goble, said: "I think two and a half days to three days will win the race." Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said that he thought the route could be covered in three and a half days.  Vjloh Days in London w w Sydney Offers Welcome Contrast To Returning Visitor IT'S nice, to be back In Sydney. .. It's rather splendid to be able to walk . along a street and not' be forever on the lookout for dog leashes; to be able to walk around a corner without being run down by an urchin ,on- roller skates, iii Lon- don It behoves one to walk warily round 'corners. If .you are too hur ried you have a good chance of fall ing over a snappy Sealyham or being growled at by a -ferocious Alsatian attached by a leash to an Inattentive mistress. The leash doesn't break; It neatly trips you up. Then there Is the roller skate menace. The Little Londoner makes a skating rink of London streets; he roller skates to. school, he roller skates on er rands, he roller skates to the pictured In London the dangers from motor traffic are nought compared to the pitfalls awaiting the pedestrian on the sidewalk. The absent-minded window gazer has a harried time. In the first days of my return to Sydney after three years of living In London, I noticed a queer emptiness In streets, in shops, In railway car riages. Something was lacking, but what? I saw taxis and horses and all sorts of people, yet there was something missing. Then I saw a dog looking out from a motor car and I became aware of what It was. I realised It was the absence of dogs which caused the blankness. Dog-lovers In London take their pets shopping and visiting, to bridge parties and to the dansants. Some women won't go anywhere without their dogs. They say: "Darling Miggles gets so depressed if she is left at home," or else, "Fetsy Boy adores going to parties." Hostesses . wno want, those women for a game of bridge always Include Miggles and Petsy Boy in ,the Invi tations. Hallway companies, too, are very considerate about dogs. There are week-end fares for dogs at specially cheap fates, there are dog posters attractively coiorea ana telling you to "take your dog with you" to Herne Bay or to Sea- ford or to Wcston- super-mare, and there are stuffed dogs on railway stations, wist- ful and immovable, to . remind you that a dog's day Is soon over, so take him travelling now. One or two' very snjart people are going In for . cats. Cat books are popular and cat psychology is dis cussed at parties. Maurice Genevolx, a Frenchman, has written a fascin ating "Story of a Cat," which was translated into English by an Aus tralian writer, fUice Grant Rosman; the book was a success of the year, and stimulated the Interest In cats. When Elinor Glyn Is asked to a party her big cat Is Invited, too. He Is a beautiful creature; he has am ber eyes and tawny hair and wears a large blue satin bow round his neck. At a lunch party where Elinor Glyn was the guest of honor, "Candlde" sat on the table near his mistress and dozed peacefully throughout the speeches. I haven't met that kind of cat at a Sydney party yet. Another thing In Sydney I note with interest is that women have not the habit of smoking In trains ahd trams, nor have I seen a ' woman smoking in Sydney streets, as they do In London. Smoking in London theatres and picture shows is a common custom. There are theatres where pipes and cigars are allowed and one's clothes reek with tobacco smoke for days after an evening spent In the gal lery. Patrons to that part of the house like well-seasoned pipes St. John Irvine, who discourses much on theatres and plays. Is con stantly harping on the subject of smoking In theatres. He strongly disapproves. He thinks the enter tainment of the play should be enough for normal people, and If he had his way no smoking at concerts would be permitted either. One of the densest smoke nights I endured was at the first night of "Derby Day," the comic opera by Al fred Reynolds and A. P. Herbert. It wad aii wie j-iyni; xiicaiac, xattuuuci- smith, and everyone who Is anyone came to see it — or hear It— and everyone who Is anyone smoked all through the evening. By.the end of the opera, when A. P. Herbert came on to the stage to bow acknowledg ment to admiring cheers and to say his little piece, we saw him across a barrage of blue haze. At the London promenade concerts, given through August, freedom to smoke when and where you will Is one of the major attractions— to those who like tobacco. If you don't happen to like It, you leave out the Queen's Hall and go instead to Hyde Park, where a military band plays pleasing music and smoke from pipes, cigars and cigar ettes floats up wards to the tree- tops and away. Australians In Lon don enjoy the sum mer music out of doors. Thoughts slip back to Do main and parks and summer. Sun days when our own bands play. We like to slip back In thought— and we like to slip back in person. It's nice to be in Sydney again. By a Correspondent  ALL AUSTRALIAN 'PLANE LONDON IN FIVE DAYS IS ULM'S AMBITION SYD?" Y. This Afternoon. Hundreds ' lends, relatives and wellwisherr the monoplane, "Faith in An—din," take oft from Richmond to-day for the flight to England. : The machine left the ground after a run of 800 yurds. It carries over 800 gallons of petrol. Ulm said before leaving "We are confident that we will be in .England in a surprisingly short time." It is understood he has planned a route that will land him in London in .five days. The crew comprises Ulni, Taylor; co-pilot and navigator and Allen, relief pilot and wireless operator.  To London in Five Days 9 . ? ULM STARTS SYDNEY, Wednesday. The monoplane, Faith in Australia,' took off from Richmond aerodrome to-day on an adventurous flight on which, before the crew, return, they may circumnavigate the globe. HUNDREDS of friends and rela tives witnessed the take-off, which was made in perfect stylo, after a remarkably short run of 800 yards across the 'drome. The machine gained height rapidly, in spite, of her load of more than 80C gallons of petrol, and headed straight across the mountains for Derby. During the parting scenes, which were full of warmth, bystanders wore moved by the touching farewell be tween Charles Ulm, the commander of the flight, and his young son, Ulm could face no more farewells after that. Ho quickly climbed into the cockpit and stayed there. Mrs. Ulm and Mrs- Taylor also figured in affecting scenes. In a farewell message, Ulm said that he felt that tho trip would be something like a glorious holiday. 'The machine is as perfect as we can make it,' he said. It Is believed that Ulm has laid down a plan which should land him in London in live days. After a rest of a day or so In England, he may fly from England to America, down through Honolulu to New Zealand, and back to Sydney Ho could do it in leas than a month International flying has become so regular that the CuBtoms authorities have devised printed schedules and manifests for aeroplanes in the same way as for steamships. Thus it wan that Mr. Ulm had to sign here and there and swear to this and that, while Government of ficials crawled all over tho 'Faith In Australia.' . .. ? ?  - 7 DAYS London To Wyndham SMITHY'S GREAT FLIGHT BEAT SCOTT BY 40 HOUR'S DASH TO SYDNEY NOW. SYDN HA". Wednesday. Arriving at Wyndham at 5.14 o'clock this afternoon (7.14 p.m. Syd ney time), Air Commodore Sir Charles Kingsford Smith established a fresh, although unofficial record from Lon don to Australia. The aviator covered the journey in seven days four hours 46 minutes, breaking Scott's record by one day 15 liours 58 minutes. Tii the absence of detailed messages from AVyndham, the A'aeuum Oil Com pany has supplied interesting information, compiled with the assistance of private communications from the company's ngeni at Wyndham. WONDERFULLY FIT. The company's agent sent the following message: — "Kingsford Smith arrived 5.1+. When congratulated lie said it was no trouble to Australians.- He appeared wonderfully lit and was comfortably dressed in grey flannel trousers and white shirt. He is leaving at 7 o'clock to-mor row morning to make the fastest: possible time to Sydna'y and will be following the Newcastle Waters and Longreach route." SPLENDID TRIP. Kingsford Smith sent the following message to the A'aeiiuni Oil Company: — "Splendid trip. Plume and Mobiioil and your service verv helu- ful. The Pereival Liu II and Gipsy engine per formed excellent I v. ' ' The Vacuum Oil Company sent a repiv to the avialoi to-night drawing his attention to the fact that the officially accepted re cord was not I rtnii London to Australia, but London to bvdiicv. and suggesting that ho .should make the fas'- est possible, time on to Sydney with a view to securing Hie offi cial record. " The company has also asked liiiu to fly straight on to Melbourne, with the object of selling a special record as a guide to competitors in the Loiidon-Molbour -lie. air race -in connection with the Melbourne centenary celebrations next year. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith left Houra- baya at 4.55 a.m., local time, for Wynd ham, the flight occupying ten hours too minutes. SYDNEY IS OFFICIAL END OF FLIGHT. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. Although Sir Charles Kingsford Sinith created record time between England and AVyndhaiii it is not to be officially recog nised by the Federation Aei oiiaut ique In ternationale, which is the official institute of international aeronautical clubs. Commenting on this t:o-d:iy the Director of Civil Aviation, Captain "Johnson, '.said the Federation hud drawn up a number of routes as official record flights and made it known that the only record between England and Australia which would be granted official recognition was between England and Sydney, ''consequently Sir Charles Kingsford Smith had officially Ti" record to break, as in all previous flights easy stages had been flown from AVyml- hant or Darwin t(, Sydney. PRIME MINISTER'S PRAISE. CANBERRA, Wednesday. Commenting on Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's record breaking flight, the Prime Minister, Air. Lyons, said to-night when news of the airman's arrival was con veyed to him, that he was not surprised. "I am not surprised at any of his achievements," lie added. "I. have the greatest admiration for him and have no hesitation in saying- that I regard him as the greatest airman in the world. Aus tralia should be proud of his achieve ments." Air. Lyons sent a congratulatory tele gram to the aviator within a few minutes of learning' Unit he had reached Australia. GREAT PERSONAL TRIUMPH. LONDON, AVednesday. News of Kingsford Smith's record was telephoned to the King at Saiidriiighunt Castle. Lord Wakefield declared: "My "warm est congratulations to one of the Em pire's pioneer airmen. 'This is an out standing ev'ent in the history of aviation. Tt is a great personal triumph for Sir Charles Kiiiirsford Smith." SWIFT, EASY FLIGHT. The designer of 1he 'plane, Captain Pereival, of Sydney, 'stated the flight wan a distinct advance on previous re cords in which pilots had to fly to the point of .physical exhaustion, because oi' lower cruising speeds. Eif Charles Kings ford SinitTq oh the' other hand, usually was able to obtain a good night's rest, lie had. proved that with modern speeds in reliable aircraft a flight of this nature can be quite normal. Scott said: "I am glad Smithy has broken tlie record. I could wish for nobody finer to take it from me. I shall have another go> at the record." The Royal Aero Club cabled: "Con gratulations, excellent performance your self and machine." The secretary of the Royal Aero Club, Commander "Perrin, says it was a' mag nificent performance, and particularly gratifying that it was made in one of the latest type of British light aircraft. WORLD 'iS GREATEST AIRMAN. The "Star," in an editorial, says: "We salute -Sir Charles Kingsford Bmitli. If anything more: than his previous great- flights was required to justify Colonel Lindbergh's opinion that Sir Charles is the greatest arniaii in the world, the manner in which he knocked the record sideways provides it, though the aero plane is superior to its predecessors. "Sir Charles Kingsford Smith was not: out to break the record, but to keep a business appointment. AVe hope business men will take tli'e hint, and that 'the route to Australia will be immediately established."  i 4 . ii \ . THREE DAYS london-sydney. . ! "With ; aeroplane engines in their'- pre sent state of development it is possible for the flight from London to Sydney ito be made within three days, allowing for nieht flying i and relief pilots," said Flight-Lieutenant S- J. Moir, presi dent of the New South Wales Aero Qlub, when recently discussing the record that might be established in air races be tween London and Australia in the near future; . : ' "The aerial distance between London and Sydney is about 1.2,000 miles, accord ing to flight reckoning," added Flight- Lieutenant Moir. t ' 'There are already several reliable " makes of aeroplanes which are consistently cruising at ' 250 miles an hour arid are capable of up to 280 or 290 miles an hour under favor- able winch .conditions. A pilot dying sold could make Sydney from London in one of tliese machines, "flying only ten hours per day, giving 14 hours out df each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep, ., Assuming the weather conditions were not ; favorable, and that head, instead of . following winds, were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at 250 miles an hour . would give a daily journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney .within four days of London. ; "But, assuming the. same machine was flown with relief pilots, with ample pro vision for fuelling oh the journey, it would be possible" for 22 hours daily to be! flown, which would give a daily dis tance of from' 5500 to .6000 miles, accord ing to the weather' arid wind' conditions. With favorable .conditions and ordinary pilot's luck, the journey to Sydney could be accomplished within from 48 to 50 "hours from London"' "Referring to the time likely to' be .taheri 'by the winner" of the centenary air race from England to Australia, the Chief of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore 51 J. Goble, said: "I think two and a lialf.days to three .days will win the race.'.' Sir ChaTleaKingsford- Smith' Paid that he thought the route could be covered in, three and a lialf days.  7i DAYS TO LONDON Pilot,Leaves Broome; \ _ , .SYDNEY,.Friday.i ' niot Woods left;Brppmé!at 2.49,.a,.m.,| Sydney time, to-day fpr England. His first stop will be Batavia. He hopes to^ reach London in 7i days.- . \\ 