 SPEEDING UP AIRMAILS SEVEN DAYS TO SYDNEY Sir Frederic Williamson Hopeful LONDON, April 29. Sir rrcdcrle Williamson dlicctoi of I postal services Intcivlewed by tho Aus- tralian Press Association on his return ftom Austinlia otptesscd giatlllcation at the Commonwealth s adheicnce in piln clple to (he Impel lal ali mall scheme, which he still hopes will be opoiallng In 1037 thus biinging Sjdncy within ses cn dayb of London Technical negotiations aie ptocccding betsveen Biitlsh and Austi allon Post-ofllce and lioosury officials Sli ri cdei Ho Williamson hopes that agreement on outstanding linimclal piob leins will be expedited In slew of the time needed lo piovltlc the new licet of ulrcioft nccessaiy to opciale high-speed services Austi allan Mlnisteis aie apparently awaiting the arrival of Captain E C Johnston the Conti ollct of Civil Aviation, bcfoio raising the question tit White- hall _  SYDNEY SEVEN DAYS FROM LONDON Air Mail Expectations for 1937 LONDON, April 29. Brigadier-General Sir Frederic Williamson (Direc tor of Postal Services), interviewed by the London representative of "The Telegraph" on his return from Australia, expressed gratification at the Common- wealth's adherence in principle to the Imperial air mail scheme, which Sir Frederic Williamson still hopes will be operative in 1937, bringing Sydney within seven days of London. Technical negotiations are proceed ing between English and Australian Post Office and Treasury officials. Sir Frederic Williamson hopes that agreement upon outstanding finan cial problems will be expedited in view of the time needed to provide a new fleet of aircraft necessary to operate high-speed services. Austra lian Ministers in London are appar ently awaiting the arrival of Captain E. B. Johnston (Australian Con troller of Civil Aviation) before rais ing the matter at Whitehall.  TO LONDON IN 13 DAYS FAST PASSENGER SERVICE STEAMER AND 'PLANE SYDNEY. ThurKW. A new link between shipping and air lines between Australia and England has been forged, and passengers by either ser vice may now return by the other, tickets being Inter changeable. The services concerned are British Imperial and K.L.M. Airways, with the Qantas link to Australia and the Orient. P. and O., Aberdeen and Com monwealth, Blue Funnel, . P. and O. Branch, Union, Canadian-Australian and K.P.M. shipping lines. Details are not yet complete, but it will be provided broadly that a pas senger having made a voyage by ship may, If he desires, make the return passage by air on payment of half the return fare by sea and half the aeroplane fare. One Improvement In air travel was effected yesterday with the introduc tion of the KIM. bi-weekly service between Europe and Java. This makes it possible, it Is stated, with the aid of Qantas, for a passage t. be made from Sydney to London in 13 days, with four days' break in the East, without night flying.  TO SYDNEY IN TWO DAYS AND A HALF. Kingsford Smith'* Plans for : Record., I London, October 11. j Sir Charles Kiligsford Smith is | planning to fly to Australia in a week- j end. He aims to rcacli Wyndham in : two days and Sydney in two and a half- , i He will fly Iion-Btop to Bagdad and then to Allahabad, which lie hopes to ( reach in 24 hours from London. After that he will halt1 only at Singapore; thereby reaching Austra lia in' four hops, comparing with Scott and Campbell Black, whose, re cord he hopes to beat.. '*i-' oi.C4-.V Vacancy Female aWaplumist, Rama Post Office.—A competi^>e -examina tion for appoiat^en||^^V'.yacancleB arising at tli e clur . jng. the eniullip .yfajjtefljliit wiir be i 2nd. November, ISSS^iommenclng at 2 o 'clock. have reached the sixteenth,' ibnt -not the nineteentli, anniversary of ihe^r birth at the date of examination. Appli cation forms may be obtained from the Postmaster, Boma, with whom appli cations, together with a postal note for 5/- must be lodged, not later than Thursday, October Slst, 1635. Unless otherwise informed, examination will take place at the abovonamed Post Office.  Sydney-London Seven Days Journey in 1937 LONDON, Monday. The Director of .Postal Services, Sir Frederick Williamson, inter viewed to-day on his return from Australia, expressed gratification of the Commonwealth's adherence in principle to (he Imperial air mail scheme, which he hoped i?ould by 1937 bring Sydney with in seven days of London. Technical negotiations, he said, We re proceeding between British and Australian post offices and Treasury lotficials, and he hoped an agreement on outstanding financial problems would be expedited 'in view of the time needed to provide new fleet aircraft necessary to operate high speed ser vices. j «  LONDON-SYDNEY In Sev.en Days Flying Boats To Be Used Sydney. Wednesday. Directors of Imperial Airways Ltd., hope to establish a seven days' service l»etween London and Sydney twice weekly. Flying- honts. which are being-built, in England for this service, will have guaranteed speed of 190 miles an hour. - . I  SYDNEY SEVEN DAYS FROM LONDON Air Mail Expectations for 1937 LONDON. April 29. Brigadier-General Sir Frederic Williamson (Direc tor of Postal Services), interviewed by the London representative of "The Telegraph" on his return from Australia, expressed gratification at the Common- wealth's adherence in principle to the Imperial air mail scheme, which Sir Frederic Williamson still hopes will be operative in 1937, bringing Sydney within seven days of London. ' Technical negotiations are proceed ing between English and Australian Post Office and Treasury officials. Sir Frederic Williamson hopes that agreement upon outstanding finan cial problems will be - expedited in view of the time needed to provide a new fleet of aircraft necessary to operate high-speed services. Austra lian Ministers in London are appar-r ently awaiting the arrival of Captain E. B. Johnston (Australian: Con-. troller of Civil Aviation), before rais-- log the matter at Whitehall. : : i i, i .  ENGLAND TO SYDNEY Sir C. K. Smith's Flight. TAKE TWO AND HALF DAYS LONDON, October 12. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith plans to leave by air for Australia at the week- end. He expects to reach Wyndham (West Australia) in two days, and Syd- ney in two and a half. Sir Charles will fly non-stop to Baghdad, thence to Alla- habad, which he hopes to reach in 24 hours from London. Thereafter a halt will be made only at Singapore. He will reach Australian in four hops and hopes to better the record set in the Melbourne Centenary air race by Mr. C. W. Scott and Mr. Campbell Black. "NOT ATTACKING RECORD." Sir Charles Kingsford Smith told the "Sunday Graphic" that this would be his last long distance flight. He added: "I am tired and shall not attack the record from England to Australia. I am only keeping my hand in and am anxious to get home and start on the Tasman route. It is not a death-trap, but requires sea- planes. I also want a word with my family, whom I have not seen for months."  A SMART TRIP. Brisbane to London in Eight tfays STDNET. June 13. It is now possible for a passenger by air to reach London In eight flays after leaving Brisbane. Tbe bi-weekly Dutcb service from Batavla to Am sterdam, Inaugurated on Wednesday, bas been so arranged that 'plane* eaves Batavla SO minutes after tbe Empire 'plane has arrived from Bris bane. This will penult passengers by air mail *plan to be transhipped to the Dutch 'plane, and make the journey, to London In five and a half days.  iirrfER empire air Mail service ? Conference Discusses New Scheme SEVEN DAYS TO LONDON RYnNRY. February 25. 'We hope to show,' said Sir Frederic Williamson (Director of Postal Services in Britain) to-day, 'that the proposals made by the British postal authorities for improving the air mail ser vior. Viptwpfin Britain and Australia will not be so expensive as they appear. It is a great Imperial scheme, and there has never been anything really like it before.' Mr. A. Parkhill (Minister for Defence) forecast that the added cost to the Commonwealth under the new proposal would be in the vicinity of £200,000 per annum. FEDERAL Ministers and mem- . bers of the British air dele gation conferred to-day. Representatives of the New Zea land Government were also pres ent. The principal proposals under consideration arc the carriage of all first-class mails by air at a cheap flat rate, a seven-day ser vice between London and Sydney, and the substitution of flying boats on a coastal route from Darwin to Sydney for, the existing inland cervice by aeroplanes. Grave Difficulties 'Attractive as the scheme may be in many directions, there appear to be, unfortunately, many grave difficulties in its application to Australian con ditions,1' said Mr. Parkhill in open ing the conference. 'The use of Hy ing boats,' h2 said, 'would involve the opening of a new coastwise route from Darwin to Sydney, which the Commonwealth would be loth to adopt, not only on account of the additional cost of opening this new route, but also because we have already gone some considerable distance in develop ing the land 'plane service between these centres, and we would hesitate to withdraw from the residents of those inland parts the benefits of air communication which they have en ioved for so long.' Mr. Parkhill, who presided over the conference, was supported by the Post master-General (Senator McLachlan) The British delegation comprised the Director of Postal Services in Britain ('Sir Frederic Williamson), the Deputy Director of Civil Aviation in Britain (Mr. F. Bertram), and the Parliamen tary Secretary to the Under Secre tary for Air (Mr. T. L. Guinness, M.P.). The New Zealand representa tives were the Postmaster-General (Mr Adam Hamilton) and the Direc tor-General of Postal Services (Mr. G. McNamara). With the commonwealth Ministers were the Secretary of the Defence Department (Mr. L. Shep herd), the Controller of Civil Avia tion (Captain E. C. Johnston), the Director of Postal Services (Mr. H. P. Brown), and the Chief Inspector of Postal Services (Mr. M. B. Harry). Long-dreamt-of Link Mr Parkhill, in welcoming the Brit-. ish delegation, said that its mission was very important, and would re quire equally important consideration. Aviation had assumed an important place in the world's affairs, and air transport services, carrying malls, pas sengers, and goods, now linked many countries and many nations through out the world. The nations of the British Commonwealth had not been slow to appreciate the advantages oi civil aviation. 'We in Australia,1 he proceeded, 'can claim to have played our part, and take credit for being the first of the British Dominions to establish an air transport service for local needs and the first also to ex tend Its' activities into the sphere o£ international aviation. The inaugura tion of the Australian service to Singapore, which was opened so ap propriately by the Duke of Gloucester, completed a long-dreamt of link .be- tween Australia and the mother country. The value of this new ser vice to the business and commercial interests of this country is very real and it is pleasing to know that the actual cost of the service is exceed ingly modest and considerably below that which was estimated. This is due to the mail loadings being greater than was estimated when the Gov ernment approved its institution. The Proposals 'Some particulars of the proposals which, we are here to discuss are already well known. Broadly, the proposal is for the carriage of all Empire first-class mails by air be tween Empire countries connected in the system of Empire air services. It ls proposed that a cheap flat rate, perhaps as low even as lid per hall ounce be adopted, irrespective of dis tance, between the Empire countries concerned. 'The proposal is to provide large flying boats, capable of carrying the great loads that would be involved, and a considerable increase in fre quencies of services, as compared with those existing to-day, is intended. The acceleration of the services to an even tual seven-day time-table between London and Sydney is to be brought about mainly by the introduction of more extensive night flying, which is generally regarded as being inevitable. One of the most important aspects of this question is the acceleration of the service to a seven-day trip. Flying Boats Not So Fast 'It is noted that the flying boats, which are an important part of the proposal, have a cruising speed of 130 miles an hour, whereas the 'planes at present in use reach a speed of 145 miles an hour. It will be interesting to hear from the members of the delegation how the acceleration of the service is to be attained, other than by nieht flying, and how the machines at 130» miles an hour will compare with the machines now in use at 145 miles an hour, and how the com petition of other and more speedy systems can be met. Other grave difficulties would arise from the adop tion of the principle of carriage of all first-class mail by air without sur charge. Not only will this policy, if adopted, necessitate the use of very large aircraft on the oversea service, but must have far-reaching repercus sions in the sphere of local transport of malls. 'As far as we can see at the mo ment the added cost to the Common wealth under the new proposal is in the vicinity of £200,000 per annum, ? and this aspect will need to be very carefullv investigated and considered by the Commonwealth. This, of course, is not an insuperable difficulty if other aspects are satisfactory pnd if. It ls to the advantage -of Australia.' Senator McLachlan supported Mr. Parkhill. The postmaster-General o; New Zea land. who1 also welcomed the British delegation, said that anything that could brine; the members of the Em pire- .Closer . together . would have the tupport of New Zealand, ; Sir Frederick Williamson said that Lhe origin Of their visit was the aston 'shlng growth made in Europe and the Empire generally in air communica tions. At the outset it had been extra ordinary slow, but in the last two or three years it had been amazing. In 1934 the post office had carried nearly e.000,000 letters by air. The recent de velopments had shown that it was now possible to hope for the most enormous developments that had ever taken place in tlie post office. The scheme was so gigantic, and the points of detail so numerous and important, that It had taken a long time to formulate it, and the difficulty of discussing it in the or dinary wav was obviously so great that the delegation had been sent to Aus tralia to deal with the matter. They had shown faith in their own goods by travelling by air themselves, and It nad given them some Idea of Aus tralia's tremendous distances. After Mr. Guinness and Mr. McNamara had spoken the conference began its deliberations in private. It is expected that the meeting will last for three days.  IN SEVEN DAYS London-Sydney Air Mail SYDNEY, August 80. Hatter of vital importance to the future development of air transport throughout the Empire ara under con- sideration by Britain, Australia, Kew Zealand, and Canada. At far as the Australian mail ser- vice is concerned a servies from Lon- don to Sydney iu seven &lt;îays is one of the main features of the plan being con- sidered, and it will bc put into forces in 183Ü or 1937. The special use of aeroplanes in cases of national emergency is also being cou ! sidered.  LONDON IN EIGHT DAYS &nbsp; New Dutch Service Links With Qantas SYDNEY, Wednesday. It is now possible for a passenger by air to reach London eight days after leaving Brisbane. The bi-weekly Dutch service from Batavia to Amsterdam, which was in- augurated to-day, has been so ar- ranged that the 'planes will leave Batavia 50 minutes after the Qantas Empire Airways 'plane arrived from Brisbane. This will permit passengers by the air mail 'plane to be tran- shipped to the Dutch 'plane, and to make the journey to London in five and a half days.  MAILS BY AIR London To Sydney Seven-Days Service An Important Conference SYDNEY, February 25. The carriage of all first-class mails by air at a cheap flat rate, a' «even-day service between London and Sydney, and the substitution of {lying boats on a coastal route from Darwin to Sydney for the existing Inland service by aeroplanes, are the principal proposals being dis cussed by the conference which be- gan to-day between Federal Minis- ters and members of the British postal delegation. Representatives of the New Zealand Government also were present. The conference, after being officially opened by the Minister for Defence (Mr. Parkhill), began its deliberations in private. It is expected that the dis- cussions will last for three days. "Attractive as the scheme may be in many directions, there appear to be, unfortunately, many grave difficulties in its application to Australian condi- tions," said Sir. Parkhill in opening the conference. "The use of flying boats would involve the opening of a new coastal route from Darwin to Sydney, which the Commonwealth would be loath to adopt, not only on account of IhB additional cost involved, but also because we have already gone some con- siderable distance in- developing the lana aeroplane service, and would hesi- tate to withdraw from the residents of those inland parlB-thc benefits of air communication.", "The added cost to the' Common- wealth under the different proposals would bo about £200,000 a year," Mr. Parkhill added, "and this aspect will have to" be carefully investigated." % Mr. Parkhill said that It was proposed that a cheap flat rate, perhaps as low a? ljd a half ounce, be adopted for all mall matter carried by air between Lon- don and Australia. One of the most Important aspects was the proposed ac- celeration of the service to a seven-day trip. It was noted that the flying boats and how thcmachlnes at 130 miles an hour, whereas the aeroplanes at present In use reached a speed of 145 miles an hour. It would be interesting to hear from the members of the delegation how the acceleration of the service was to bo obtained other than by night flying, and ho wthe machines at 130 miles an hour would compare with the machines now In use at 145 milos an hour, and how the competition of other and more speedy systems could be met. Other Erave difficulties would arise from the adoption of the principle of the carriage of all flrst-class mall by air without surcharge. LARGE AIRCRAFT. Not only would that policy, If adopt- ed, said Mr. Parkhill, necessitate the use of very large aircraft on the over- seas sorvice, but must have far-reach- ing repercussions in the sphere of local transport of malls. Certain of those difficulties arose from the fact that they in Australia had. a. large continent to serve, and arrangements that might be suitable for a country such as Austra- lia might not suit elsewhere. The added expense was, of course, not an insuper- able difficulty. Other aspects were sat- isfactory. That was but an indication of the problems they were about to dis- cuss, and he believed that they had all approached tho conference with a sin- cere desire to achieve very real ad- vancement in Empire air communica- tions. The Postmaster-General (Senator McLachlan) said that Australia had al- ways suffered from her tremendous iso- lation from, the rest of the world. They were now endeavouring . to bring the Empire Into closer touch, and whether or not they could agree to see eye to eye on many things, the conference could not fail to be productive of good. The Postmaster-General of New Zea- land (Mr. Adam Hamilton) said that anything that would help to bring the Empire closer together would have the support of the Now Zealand Govern- ment. THE BRITISH VIEW. The Director of Postal Services -,ln Great Britain and the leader of the de- legation (Mr. F. Williamson) said that the origin of their visit was to keep pace with the astonishing growth in aerial communications. In the past two years this development had been amazing. In 1334 the British Post Office had car- ried nearly 0,000,000 letters by air. The lecent developments had shown that it was now possible to hope for tho most enormous developments that had ever taken place In the Post Office. The scheme was so gigantic and the points of detail so numerous and Important that It had taken a long time to for- mulate It, and the difficulty in discussing It In the ordinary way was obviously so great that the delegation had been "nt to Australia to deal with the mat- er. . They had shown faith in their own Roods by travelling by air them- selves, and it had given them'some Mea of Australia's tremendous dis- tances. "We hope to show," added Sir Hederic Williamson, "that the scheme will not be nearly so expensive as it appears to be here. It is a great Im- perial scheme, and there" has never been anything like it before." Others at the conference included the Deputy Director of Civil Aviation in Great Dritaln, and Mr. F. Bertram, the Parliamentary private secretary, and the Under Secretary for Air (Mr. L. Guinness, M.P.), the Director-General of Postal Services In New Zealand (Mr. G. McNamara), the Secretary of the Commonwealth Defence Department (Mr. L. Shepherd), the Comptroller of Civil Aviation (Captain B. C. John- stone), the Director of Postal Services (Mr. H. P. Brown), and the Chief In- spector of Postal Services (Mr. M. B. Harry).  AIR MAIL SERVICE j London to Sydney in Seven Days : Visit of British Delegation 1 By "The Telegraph" Special Representative . DARWIN, February 21. Three members of the joint Post Office and Air Ministry delegation, from Britain arrived at Darwin yes terday "afternoon as passengers on the Qantas Com- monwealth class air liner which was in charge of Cap- . tain A. B.,H. Youell,. of Imperial Airways. . They . were Sir Frederick Williamson (Director of Postal Services, General Post Office, London), Mr. Francis : Bertram. (Deputy Director of Civil Aviation, Britain), V and Mr. Loel Guinness, M.P., partly private secretary to the Director of Civil Aviation (Sir Philip Sassooh): The object of the delegation's visit is to explain fully to the Australian authorities the British' scheme for the carriage by air of all first-class mil matter, on the Imperial air routes at a postage rate of 1 £d. a half- / ounce. It is hoped to inaugurate this scheme hi 1937. and to have an air mail service twice a week between London and Australia, flying day and night and cover- ing the distance between London and Sydney in seven days. The members of ' the delegation were the first batch of passengers to be car ried right to Australia by the_reccntly inaugurated air mail service. The plane was a day late in' arriving at'Ddrwin. It was explained that heavy fogs 'at Cal cutta and Akyab in Burmahad caused delays which resulted in the' Imperial Airways Atlanta type plane arriving a day late at Singapore. DARWIN RECEPTION. For the first time the new administra tion building at the Darwin aerodrome was used for the reception .of the pas sengers and .crew. They had to pass through the quarantine section for exam ination and then have their baggage in spected by the Customs. The building is not yet completed, but the trial yesterday shows that it will facilitate the formali ties. The delegates were wearing light tropical clothes, Mr. Guinness, the most youthful member of the' party, wearing a cool woollen shirt open at the neck and flannels. They, remained in Darwin over night but left before dawn this morning with the Qantas' Commonwealth class liner which is waiting at Darwin for the mails. ' Captain Russell Tapp, of Qantas, Will be in charge. Sir Edward Campbell, partly private secretary to the Post master-General is still at. Singapore, but will come on in the air mail plane next week. The delegation will proceed straight to Brisbane and will then go to Sydney. They will be in-Australia about a fort night. Sir Frederick Williamson and Sir Edward Campbell will go on to New Zea land and Canada by steamer, but the Air Ministry delegates .will fly back to England. BRITISH SCHEMa ' Sir FVederick Williamson, explaining the British scheme, said that beginning in 1937 all first class air mail was to be carried by air and none by steamer at all. This - applied to all . Imperial air routes on which' Imperial:. Airays-and its associated companies' planes were flying. There would be two services to Australia each week instead of one as at present. The mail services should be more frequent than twice weekly nearer to England. The speed should be in creased and larger planes/used in the routes. The scheme aimed at cutting down the time between London and Sydney to seven days. It was proposed to inaugur ate day and night flying and the post- ago be fixed at lid. a half oz. At pre sent the postage' on first class mail mat ter, not air mall, was lid. an oz.- DOMINION CO-OPERATION. - It was proposed in Australia, con tinued Sir Frederic Williamson,, to make contact with the Ministers concerned and other high officials and discuss the scheme in its fullest detail. It was hoped to secure Australia's co-opera- tion. The Air Ministry delegates, of course, would discuss all the technical details, such as ground organisation, aerodrqmes, communications, Sec. "This is a very definite scheme," 'he said. - "Tljere is still a great deal of de tail to be worked out, and it all de pends upon the co-operation of the various Dominion Governments. A twice weekly service of seven days between Sydney and London is something to look forward to and is worth the ex pense." COMFORTABLE PLANES. "The Commonwealth class air liner is one of the most comfortable planes I have ever travelled in," said Sir Frederick.' "It has a very nice cruising speed. We were doing 140 miles an hour over the Timor Sea and took just under four hours to come from Koepang. The air mail be tween Australia and London is increas ing in volume rapidly. With the weight of the mail We had to be extremely care ful regarding our load on the plane. The Commonwealth class plane is carrying at ' least as heavy a load as the Atlanta type of plane." LAND PLANES OR FLYING BOATS? "We have wanted this scheme for a considerable time," said Mr. . Bertram. As a. result of negotiations already car ried out in Britain, and now that the Air Ministry has come into the scheme, we are hoping to make the change in 1937. We cannot do it before that. I cannot say definitely what type of planes will bo used. This is at present under consideration .by Imperial Air ways, who are deciding whether it would be desirable to use land planes or flying boats. It is also bound up in the question of co-operation between the three companies operating the' Aus tralian route, Imperial Airways, Indian Transcontinental Airways, and Qantas Empire Airways. We are aiming at a cruising speed of round about 140 miles an hour in 1937. There is no chance of it before. ' The Commonwealth class planes have a cruising speed of nearly 140 miles an hour. They are the fastest planes at present on the route, out bigger machines will be used. "It is the intention that Australia should be responsible for all ground organisation, wireless, and meteorolo gical services on the Singapore-Darwin section. Australia will, of course, have to co-operate with the Dutch regarding aerodromes in the Dutch Bast Indies. VACCINATION. "Wo did not find any undue delay with the quarantine and Customs formalities at Darwin. The Aus tralian regulation for vaccination against smallpox may prove bother some later, especially if visitors are not informed along the route- We were not informed before leaving Lon don but fortunately we had already been vaccinated. I can visualise long lines of people sleeping- on the aero drome in the future waiting to be vaccinated." , . . . . J : ACROSS THE (TIMOR; - . Sir Frederick Williamson said that the weather was still a big problem on the air mall route. They had passed through some extraordinarily bad weather. Meteorological services were of extreme importance. Travelling all the way from London by air was in teresting because of the great range of country seen, but it was mono tonous at times. The Timor cross ing was the worst for the passengers because they feared the long ocean crossing with no sign of land. He had been grateful when it was over. He had thought the plane was never going to i-each the other side. In Burma the jungle was amazingly dense, and in one swamp alligators were seen splashing about. . LORD SEMPILL'S PLANE. He had seen Lord Sempill's plane on the north-east coast of Java. Lord Sempill had been forced to land in a clearing and for some time was miss ing. The Dutch had sent out search planes from Batavia. The plane in which they were travelling had circled about Lord Sempill's Moth for some time, but it was seen that the plane had been tied down. Apparently Lord Sempill had gone off somewhere. It was in about the only part of Java that was uninhabited.' All the other parts were densely populated. PERSONALITIES. Mr. Loel Guinness, who is quite a young man, is himself an aviator and owns his own plane. He is a keen stu dent of all aviation matters. All three members of the delegation, which ' is unique, are interesting personalities. Sir Frederick Williamson, who is- stoutish, fires off questions and answers them like a machine gun. Mr. Bertram is serious- faced and gives the impression of intense concentration on the matter in hand. Mr. Guinness is. debonair and bright and an interesting conversationalist. Each is making his first visit to Australia.  Eight Days By Air From Brisbane To London SYDNEY, June 12. It is now possible for a passenger by air to reach London eight days after leaving Brisbane. The bi-weekly Dutch service from Batavia to Amsterdam, which was in- &nbsp; augurated today, has been so arranged &nbsp; that the planes will leave Batavia 50 minutes after the Qantas Empire Air- ways plane arrives from Brisbane. This will permit passengers by the air mail plane to be transhipped to the Dutch plane and to make the journey to Lon- don in five and a half days from there.  TO LONDON IN EIGHT DAYS. SYDNEY. Thursdw. It is now D038lble tor a passenger by air to,, reach London eight days afer leaving1 Brisbane. The bi-weekly' Dutch service from BatavJa to Am sterdam vras inaugurated today, and has been so arranged that planes will leave Batavia 50 minutes attar tha Empire plane has arrived from ^Bris bane... This will permit passengers by air mail plane to be - transhipped to the ' Dutch plane and make the journey to- London in live and -'a halt days;- ...  LONDON-SYDNEY IN SEVEN DAYS. New Flying Boats. 190 MILES AN HOUR. The flying boats being built in England for the England-Australia service will have a guaranteed speed of 190 miles an hour. Imperial Airways are aiming at a seven days' journey between London and Sydney twice weekly. The matter is under consideration by the Federal Cabinet now sitting in Canberra. Mr. A. E. Rudder, Australian representative of Imperial Airways, Ltd., stated last night that he cabled to his principals in London that considerable misunderstanding seemed to exist in Australia regarding the speed of the flying boats now being built for Imperial air services. He asked for an authoritative state- ment. A cable received last n'ght stated that the speed of the new flying boats was guaranteed at a maximum of 190 miles per hour flying at an altitude of 5000 feet. Twenty-nine of these flying boats are to be built. Twelve have been ordered and are in course of construction. They will be fitted with four engines. Each boat will have accommodation for 24 passengers seated and sleeping facilities for 16. It is proposed, when the service has been reorganised, and night flying is provided for, to have a seven days' journey between Sydney and London, and to run the service twice weekly in both directions. At present there Is a bi-weekly aerial mail service between London and Singapore. The commencement of the bi-weekly service from Singapore to Sydney is in abeyance pending a decision by the Federal Government. New land 'planes being built for Imperial air services will have a similar speed and accommodation for 27 passengers with sleeping facilities for 20. CHRISTMAS MAILS. The Deputy Director of Postal Services (Mr. Duncan) stated last night that any per- son who missed the aerial mail to London yes- terday could still send a message for delivery by air mall hi London before Christmas. Th- ean be done by telegraphing a message to the Postmaster at Darwin, who will enclose the message In an envelope and post by the ah- mail from there. The cost Is that of the telegram plus the aerial mall postage be- tween Darwin and London.  BIG AIR MAIL PLANS London-Sydney In Seven Days Matters of vital importance in the future development of air transport throughout the Empire are under con sideration by Britain, Australia. New Zealand, Canada, and India. As far as Australian mail services are concerned. London to Sydney in seven days is one of the main features of the plan being considered, and will be put into force in 1937, if not next year. Special use of planes in cases of national emergency is also being con sidered. Flying boats now under con struction in Brita'n will have a crute ine speed of from 150 to 375 m.p.h.. and will weigh when loaded from 20 to 25 tons. Each win be able to carry 60 pas sengers hi addition to mail matter It is stated that each Hying boat will be able to convey 150 fully equipped sol diers 500 miles in 24 hours. One object hi view is to hasten the adoption of the plan for sending all first-class mail matter between the dif ferent parts of the Empire by air.  AIR MAILS Sydney and London ..WITHIN SEVEN!, D YS rector: of, 1 ctal servces, Sir IFrelei ii?k 'ilii ?oni nteview Std dayonhisretuirn from Aus t~rala' exprlessd \his gratification of:the Conunonwealthsi adherence in -pincipill to, ltheqimperial air 'mail: ehem':whichl. he hoped hby 37; oudiingSydneywithin ~,Technical, negotiations, ..he esaid,; awere' proceeding between the British ind?Australial post offices anid Treas ury officiald;sind hefhoped an :agree tmot on thie outetandingl financial jjhemse wloujld e exipedited invie of file time nelde rotnroide the 'lw.',fleet" oft. ircraft necessary, to .,operate' iigi'.?p ?d services:in  SEVEN DAYS' TO LONDON Air Transport Development SYDNIY, Tucesday. uatters of vital importance in the future developmnct of air transport itroughout the Empire are under runsideration by Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and India. As far as Australian mail services ore concerned, London to Sydney in seven days is one of the main fea tures of the plan that is being con sidered, and wili be put into force in 1937, if not next year. The special use of aeropinnes in cases of national emtergcncy is also being considered. Flying boats now under construction in Britain will have a cruising speed of front 150 to 175 miles an hour, and will weigh when loaded from 20 to 25 tons. They will be able to carry 00 passengers each, in addition to mail matter. It is stated that each flying boat will be ailhe to convey 150 fully equipped soldiers a distance of 500 miles in 25 hours. One object in, view is to hasten the adoption of a plan for sending all first-class mail matter between the different parts of the Empire by air, and the extension of the service between Australia and London which will be carried out at an early date, will be from either Singapore or Bangkok to Hong Kong. This service is of imperial interest, but will be of immense assistance to Australia in the development of trade between Australia and Japan and China. Duplicating Service The next extension will be a dupli cation of the service between Aus tralia and London, with Sydney as the terminal. At present 50 per cent. of the mails, passengers, and freight carried by the Imperial aerial mail service originates in Sydney or ter minates here. By a re-arrangement of the present schedule it would he Possible for the mail matter from London to be delivered in Sydney almost a day earlior than at present without interfering with the schedule for the delivery of the 1maile in Mlel bourne and Adelaide. The trunk line service would be from Darwin to Syd ney, via Charleville, with a branch line service to Brisbane, which could have the samte time-table as e.t present. The extension of the service from Sydney to New Zealand presupposes that large modern flying boats will eventually be used on all or most of the route between London and New Zealand, so that passengers may have the full facilities of a through route for the journey. It is understood that the British Government is prepared to hasten a decision by Australia and New Zealand on the scheme by subsidising the extended service 'to the extent of almost 50 per cent., leaving a similar subsidy to be provided jointly by the Australian and New Zealand Govern ments. The British Government, it is believed, has made this offer so that there may be unified control of the through service, which would thus be available for Imperial purposes in case of a national or Empire emoer gency.  BIG AIR MAIL DEVELOPMENT PLANS London-Sydney In Seven Days HONGKONG LINK Use Of Giant Flying Boats SYDNEY, August 20. Matters of vital importance in the future development of air transport throughout the Empire are under con-&lt;*> sideration by Britain, Australia. New Zealand, Canada, and India. As far as Australian mail services are concerned, London to Sydney in seven days is one of the main features ot the plan Deing considered, and will be put into force in 1937, if not next year. Special use of planes in cases of national emergency ii also being con sidered. Flying boate. now j.nder con struction in Brita n will have a cruis ing speed of from 150 to alb m-p-h.. and wUI weigh when loaded from 20 to 25 tons. Each will be able to carry 60 pas sengers in addition lo mail matter It is stated that each Hying boat will be able to convey 150 tally equipped sol diers 500 miles in 24 hours. One object in viex is to hasten the adoption of the plan for sending all first-class mail matter between the dif ferent parts of tbe Empire by air. An extension of the service between Aus tralia and London, which will be car ried out at an early date, will be from either Singapore or Bangkok to Hong kong. This service is of Imperial in terest, but will be of immense assistance to Australia in the development of trade between Australia and Japan and China. The next extension will be a duplica tion of the service between Australia and London with Sydney as the ter minal. At present 50 per cent, of the mails, passengers and freight carried by tbe Imperial aerial mail service originates in Sydney or terminates here. By a rearrangement of the present schedule it would be possible for the mail matter from London to be delivered in Sydney almost a day earlier than at present without inter fering with the schedule for the de livery of the mails on Melbourne and Adelaide. The trunk line service would be from Darwin to Sydney via Charle ville with a branch line service to Bris bane, which would have the same time table as at present. The extension of the service from Sydney to New Zealand presupposes that large modern flying boats will eventually be used on all or most of the route between London and New Zea land so that passengers may have the full facilities of a through service for the journey. It is understood that the British Government is prepared to hasten a decision by Australia and New Zealand on the scheme by subsidising the extended service by almost SO per cent., leaving a similar subsidy to be provided jointly by the Australian and New Zealand Governments. Tbe Bri tish Government, it .is believed, has made this offer so that there may be unified control of the through service, which would thus be available for Im perial purposes in case of national or Empire emergency.  I/4IR MAIL SERVICE I 1 " I .. Seven Days .>;/ Visit (Btish'DeIegdtidn | By "The Telegraph" Special Representative j .. DARWIN,. February 21. j TTiree members of the joint Post Office 'and Air Ministry delegation from Britain arrived at Darwin. yes terday1 afternoon' as .passengers on the Qantas .Com? :. tnonwealth' clai83 air -liner which was in charge of Cap- . tain A, B. H, Youell, of : Imperial Airways. They were Sir Frederick Williamson (Director of Postal Services, -.Ceneral Post- Office, London) , Mr. Francis . Bertram (Deputy/ Director of Civil Aviation, Britain) , ; and Mr. Loel Guinness, M.P., partly private secretary to the Director of Civil Aviation (Sir Philip Sassoon). The object of the delegation's visit is to explain " fully to the Australian authorities the British, scheme . for the. carriage by air of all first-class mail matter on the Iniperial air routes at a postage rate of, 1 |d. a half-;. ' punce. Itxis hoped to inaugurate this scheme ,iii ; 1 937 !' and.to have an.air msdl service twice a week between London and Australia, iflyihg day arid night and cover- ,- Ing the distance between London mid Sydney in seven days.' \ //. The members of the delegation were the first batch' of passengers to bo car ried' right to, Australia -by the recently inaugurated' air mail service. ' The.plaiM was a day late In arriving at DarWin, It was' explained that vheavy fogs- at Cal cutta' and Akyab, in-' Burma had caused delays which, resulted:- -in tha" Imperial Airways Atlanta type plane 'arriving" a day - late at Singapore! DARWIN, RECEPTION. ... For the first time the new .admlnikra? tion; building at. the. Darwin aerodromp was. used for the. reception of the/pas- sengers !ahd crew. - They '.bad 'to': pass through' the quarantine' section, for exam ination and then have their .baggage in spected by, the Customs. 'The building is hot yet completed, but the trial yesterday shows that lt will facilitate the formaU- ties- llie delegates were wearing light tropical clothes, Mr. '.Guinness, the. most youthful member .of ! the', party.vwearing a cool woollen' shirt oiien at the neck'and flannels. They remained' lii Darwin over- night but left before dawn this morning with - the Qantas Commonwealth ' class liner', which is waiting at Darwih'for the mails. Cap tain' Russell Tapp.ofQantas, will be -in charge. Sir Edwiurd Campbell, partly private secretary . to the Post master-General is still at> Singapore, hilt will-come on in the -air: mail ,plane next week. The delegation will proceed straight "to Brisbane and will then go to Sydney. They will;be'.in Australia about a . fort night. Sir Frederick Williamson and Sir Edward Campbell will go: on to-New Zea land and Canada by steamer, but the Air Ministry delegates will fly .back to -England. . ;. , - - BBmsa SCHEME. : Sir Frederick Williamson, . explaining the British scheme, $aid that ' beginning in- 1937 all first class air mail was to be carried by air: and none by steamer at -aU. This, applied to ail..- ' Imperial . air routes .on which Imperial Airways and its associated 'companies' ' planes , were flying. 'There ,yrould be . two. services to Australia'each week- instead .of one as at present.. Tne mail Services should, be more frequent than, twice' vieekly nearer to England.' ' The speed should be in creased aqd'. larger- planes used in the routes.':.- J The scheme aimed at cutting down the time between London , and Sydney ' to seven". days."lt was proposed to inaugur ate day and night flying and the post-' age be fixed at lid. a'haif oz. ' At pre sent the.' postage "on first class mail mat ter, :not ate mail, was lid. an oz. DOMINION CO-OPERATION. i It was proposed in Australia, con tinued Sir Frederic Williamson, to make contact with the Ministers . concerned "and other- high officials and discuss the scheme in "its fullest detail. It was hoped to secure Australia's ''co-opera tion. The Air Ministry delegates, of course, would: discuss -all' the technical details, such : as ground organisation, aerodromes, communications, &c. "This' is a. very definite scheme," he said. "There is still a great deal of de tail to be worked out, and it all de pends upon .the co-operation of the various Dominion Governments, A twice weekly service of seven days between Sydney .arid London is ' something to look forward to' and is worth the ex pense." . ' COMFORTABLE PLANES. \ "The Commonwealth class - air liner is one of the most comfortable planes I have ever travelled in," said Sir Frederick. "It has a very nice cruising speed.: We were doing 140. miles an hour over the Timor Sea and took.- just urider four hours to come 'frbih-.Koepang. The air mail be tween Australia and London -is increas ing in volume rapidly. With the weight of the mail -we had to be extremely care ful regarding "eur load on the' plane. The Commonwealth" class plane is carrying at least as heavy a load as the Atlanta type of plane." - LAND PLANES OB FLV1NG BOATS7 "We have wanted this scheme for a considerable' time," said -Mr. .Bertram. As a result of negotiations already car ried out in Britain, and now. that the Air Ministry has come into the scheme, we are hoping to make' the' change in 1937. We cannot do it before that. I cannot' 'say; definitely_what type of planes, will ' be used. This is at present under consideration by Imperial - . Air ways, t who are' deciding whether - it would . be i desirable to use land planes or tolng .boats. ' It is also' bound -up in the , question : of : co-operation -between the three -companies operating the Aus? trallan route, Imperial Ateways, jfadian Transcontinental" Airways, and -Qantas Empire Airways. ' We . are - ainung; at -. a crufsing speed of round-about 140 miles an. hour' in 1937. There is ' no "chance of it before; The : Commonwealth class planes have a cruising speed of nearly 140 miles' ari hour. They are the fastest planes at . present on the route, put bigger machines' will helped. _ "It -is the intention that- Australia shouldbe responsible "for all 'ground organisation, wireless, and meteorolo gical ' services on the Singapore-Darwin section. Australia will, , of i course, have to co-operate , with the Dutch regarding aerodromes " in' the Dutch East Indies. ' . ' -'. - .VACCDfATION,' "We- did not find any undue delay with the quarantine and Customs formalities at, .Darwin. The Aus tralian regulation for vaccination against smallpox: may ; prove bother some" later, especially -if - visitors are not Informed along the route. We were not lnformed-'before leaving Lon don but fortunately we had already been vaccinated. I can visualise, lopg lines of people sleeping on the aero drome In the. future waiting to be vaccinated." . ; , . . '-i ACROSS- THE - (T1MOB- -J.-V- ''Sir' Frederick Wliliainson .said that the weather was still, a big problem on the air mall route. They had passed through some extraordinarily bad weather. Meteorological services were of extreme importance. Travelling all the way. from London by air was in teresting because of the great range of country . seen, -but it was mono tonous at times. . The Timor cross ing was the worst for the passengers because they feared the long ocean crossing with' no -sign of land. He had been grateful when it was over. He had thought the plane was never going toi reach- the other side. In Burma- the jungle was amazingly dense, and in one swatnp alligators were seen, splashing about. LORD SEMPILL'S PLANE. He had ' seen Lord Sempill's plane on the north-east coast of Java. Lord Sempill had been forced to land in a clearing- and for some .time was miss ing. The Dutch had sent out search planes from Batavia. The plane in which they were travelling had circled about Lord Sempill's Moth for some time, but it was seen that the plane had been tied down. Apparently Lord Sempill' had gone off somewhere. It was in about the only part of Java that was uninhabited. All the other parts were densely populated. . ! PERSONALITIES. . Mr. Loel Guinness, who is quite a young, man, : is himself an aviator1 and owns his own plane. He is a keen stu dent of all aviation matters. All -three members of the - delegation, which is unique, are' interesting personalities. Sir Frederick Williamson, who is stoutish, fires off questions and answers them like a machine gun. Mr. Bertram is serious- faced and gives the impression of intense concentration on the matter in hand. Mr. Guinness is debonair and bright and an interesting conversationalist Each is making his first visit to Australia.  EMPIRE AIR MAILS. THE NEW OBJECTIVE. London to Sydney in Seven Days. SYDNEY, Feb. 24. — Mr. Francis Ber tram, Deputy Director of Civil Aviation to Great Britain, who, with Mr. L. Guin ness. Mf.. Parliamentary Private Secre tary to the Director of Civil Aviation (Sir Philip Sassoon), reached Sydney from Brisbane on Saturday, said that it was hoped to have a bi-weekly air mail ser vice between Australia and England, flying day and. night, and covering the dis tance between London and Sydney to seven days. The scheme was a very definite one. Technical details, such as ground organisation, aerodromes, and communications had already been worked out, and these would be discussed with .-.he Australian authorities. Mr. Bertram added that the type of plane to be used had not been decided. The matter was being considered by Im perial Airways, who would decide whether it would be desirable to use land planes or flying boats. So far as Australia was concerned, flying boats were more suit able, particularly from a defence point of view,,' and commercially, because no heavy outlay would be required on land ing grounds. Mr. Bertram and Mr. Guinness, who are members of the delegation from the British Post Office, were officially wel comed at the Mascot Aerodrome by the Deputy Director of Posts and Telegraphs (Mr. Kitto), the Postmaster-General of New Zealand (Mr. A. Hamilton) and representatives of the Civil Aviation De partment.  LONDON AIR SERVICE Seven Days Trip SYDNEY, Monday. Captain Allen, who piloted the Qantas Empire airmail plane from Brisbane to Sydney yesterday, express ed the opinion that before the present five years air mall contract terminat ed, the time occupied between Eng land and Australia would be reduced to seven days.  TO SYDNEY IN TWO DAYS AND A HALF Kingsford Smith's Plans for Record LONDON, October 11. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith is planning to fly to Australia in a week-end. He aims to reach Wyndham in two days and Sydney in two and a half. He will fly non-stop to Bagdad and then to Allaha bad, which he hopes to reach in 24 hours from London. After that he will halt only at Singapore, thereby reach ing Australia in four hops, comparing with Scott and Campbell Black, whose record he hopes to beat. JEAN BATTEN Projected South Atlantic Flight LONDON, October 11. Jean Batten Is testing a Gipsy Gull plane at Gravesend In pre paration for a solo flight across the South Atlantic from West Africa to Brazil, which she hopes to do In 11 hours. An extra tank will give a 2,000 mile range. The date of commencement is not yet fixed. FLIGHT TO THE CAPE ; Attempt on Amy Mollison's Record LONDON, October 11. Flying Officer David Llewellyn, son of Sir William Llewellyn, the wel- known portrait painter, and Mrs. Jil Wyndham, whom he taught to fly, are attempting to beat Amy Molli son's record to the Cape of four days six hours. They reached Marseilles in five hours and left immediately for Brlndlsl. 