 LONDON TO SYflNEY IN rOim DAYS PROBABLE.- I Now that the first: Empire boat i» i in the air, the acceleration of Him- j ptre corn rami leal ions has ceased to j be a thing of the future. It has he- J corqe nuteblished in the present. , The soVvlce cruising speed of these boats, wljicli was specified In thfc original oontraef to be not less than 145 m.p.h.. bus been eBtabllphed at *nore than 160 m.p.h. and a top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. "has 11 been obtained., Wltli these boats r It Will he possible to roach Sydney j' in four dayB, and New Zealand in fi«, /l»ye, from Ijondon, ~ The fi^urea are obtained from the cruising speed ^ 2.0 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly Improved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule . and a service faster than seven days is unlikely for at least three yetrs after the beginning of tfe.8 service. In the old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the tour hours "spare" each day, but nowadays, this essential service has been reduced to minutes. The Shell Company has a float at Athens i which can pump fuel into a flying ^ ; boat at the rate of nearly 5000 I gallons au hour. On that basis, re fuelling wiould occupy about .20 minutes three times each day. The general use of flying boats by Im perial Airways will result in a di rect reversal of their previous pol icy, The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zea land, and passengers will live on heat in exactly the same way as (hey live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Aus-1 tralia-ithrough the contractor- ' will operate at least two boats I right through to England. For the first time in history, regular service planes bearing the Australian re gistration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regular points-In simi lar manner to the railways-but It is hoped to perfect a scheme where by all pilots, including the Aus tralians, become conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment, the new flying boats will carry more efficient navigating equipment than the great ocean ' liners. Apart from an automatic! pilot, there will be directional and beam wireless equipment, radio compass, and a homing device. It is claimed that, the boat can land safely and floa&lt; in flie heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry 16 pas sengers-the fare is £160, plus ex oliange-and to reserve 3 Ms tons for narrlage of malls and freight.  AIR SERVICE London—Sydney or Melbourne New Monoplanes v London. Sunday. The first batch of '29 high wing monoplanes fitUd with a ; special Bristol Pegasus, engine of 820-920 horse power, with a cruising speed exceeding 150 miles per hour, which have been ordered by Imperial Airways for the accelerated empire services next year, are nearing. comple tion at Short Brothers seaplane works on the Jf'edway. -seven days schedule from Urn d.»n to Sydney or^Iolbburhe ^vili be , come* practfcrible^ilowing' fpi;; long . gaits'.. for 'Tetuellihgj.arid.vdelfty.s 'due to weather. ' •'. /• ' The first trials''-will take place in •April next, and thereafter: the'flying hosts ..will.be delivered at the rate of one every three weeks.' Tlie 'planes, have /i wing span of* 114 feet and are about 88* foer long'and feet high. In 1832 a man struck-a woman out side it Sydney butcher's; shop.: A'.wo man' inside seized- -a;- 'chopper - and i severed four-oC Uts-fingera.- Next day I she advertised- that "if-.the. man who j h&lt;ul lost, his fingers'called 'at a certain j ..adtlross they would -be-returned to 1 him. . . • •  AVIATION — Every Saturday LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS PROBABLE By Our Aviation Correspondent. TWTOW that the first Empire flying boat is in the air, the acceleration of Empire communications has ceased to be a thing of the future. It has become established in the present. THE service cruising speed of' these boats, which was speci fied in the original contract to be not less than 145 m.p.h., has been established at more than 160 m.p.h., and a top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. has been ob tained. With these boats it will be pos sible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealand in five days, from London. The figures are obtained from the cruising speed in 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation wjll be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule, and a service faster than seven days is un likely for at least three years after the beginning of the service. In the old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the four hours "spare" each day. but nowadays this essential service has been reduced to minutes. It is understood that the Shell organisation has a float under con struction which will pump fuel into a flying-boat at the rate of nearly 5000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuelling would oc cupy about 20 minutes three times each clay. The general use of flying boats by imperial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and pas sengers will live on board the flying boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Australia — tl trough the contractor — will operate at least two boats right uirougn lo isngianu. For the first time in history, regu lar service planes bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regular points — in similar manner to the rail ways — but it is hoped to perfect a scheme whereby all pilots, including the Australians, becom.e conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment, the new fly ing boats will carry more efficient navi gating equipment than the great ocean liners. Apart' from an automatic pilot, there will be directional and beam wireless equipment, radio com pass, and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry 16 pas sengers — the fare is £160, plus ex change—and to reserve 3'. tons for carriage of mails and freight.  SYD TO LONDON IN THREE DAYS Mr. J. A. MOLLISON, the noted air man, who Is visiting Australia, said in a recent speech in Sydney that there was no reason why a three-day schedule for a Sydney-London commercial air service could not be feasible in two or three years. Australia's aim, he said, should be a sche dule of not more than three days. Mr. Mollison went on to explain that the airmail contract proposed by Imperial Air ways offered Australia immediate advan tages, but the proposed tenure of 15 years called for serious consideration. Fifteen years was a lifetime in aviation. Develop ments were likely to be very rapid during the next three or four years, and progress might materially alter the outlook. While the immediate benefits to be derived from accepting the Imperial Airways proposal were undeniable, it savoured almost of selling her birthright for Australia to tie herself up to a contract extending over 15 years. There was much to be said for centralised control; but there was also no reason why it should not be possible to synchronise two remote administrations and allow both Britain and Australia each to take a fair share of the airmail contract. Mr. Mollison said that there was no doubt that the outstanding need of the Australia-England air service was speed ing-up. There were some difficulties to | be surmounted on the route, such as the j attitudes of Turkey and Syria to foreign aircraft, but he was sure these differences could be adjusted. SUCCESS OF FAIRBRIDGE Mr. Gordon Green, the secretary of the British organisation which controls the Kingsley Fairbridge farm school in Western Australia, has arrived in Sydney from London. Before coming to Sydney | Mr. Green spent two weeks in Western | Australia, and he explained the romantic1 story of how the great work of the foun der of the school, the late Mr. Kingsley Fairbridge, had been crowned with suc cess. Mr. Green said that after extraordinary difficulties the farm school founded in Western Australia and now bearing the name of the late Mr. Fairbridge had en tered upon a most successful career, and to-day a visit to the farm provided the most striking evidence of the good that had been accomplished. Not only were the young children from their distant home land trained and reared in a sym pathetic environment, but, after they liad been found employment their careers were watched and they were cared for if necessary. The highest tribute to the school was the way in which old Fair bridgians kept in touch with the school. Mr. Green painted a poignant picture of conditions in some homes in England whence came the children who were sent to Fairbridge. The utmost care, he said, was exercised in selecting the right type of child. "I am convinced," added Mr. Green, "that ultimately there will be one Fairbridge farm school in each State of Australia. Australia needs children more than any other country to-day." ! END OF THE TINGIRA The old ocean flyer Tingira is In the hands of the ship breakers. The "Sydney Morning Herald" states that experts with modern equipment are now cutting out slabs of the iron deck houses and lowering the pieces into lighters on the starboard side of the vessel. Much of the decking has already been torn up, rails have been removed, the stubby unstable fore-topmast has been taken down, and the long, 90 foot main yard, on which several venture some sailors had cut their initials in the covering of paint, has been taken away. When the three lower masts are unshipped the vessel will have passed into the hulk stage. Soon after that the Tingira will be only one of the many sea memories that belong to Port Jackson. Built in 186C by Messrs. Hall and Co., of Aberdeen, the vessel was named Sobraon. She was the second vessel to carry the name in the southern seas, her predecessor having been a barque that was engaged in the New Zealand trade in 1848. Built of the best Malabar teak and fashioned to register 2,131 tons, the Sobraon was the largest composite sailing ship to carry the red ensign. The only other teak-built clipper afloat to-day is the Cutty Sark, that was built at Dumbarton in 1869. and is three years younger than her old rival. At a cost of £8,000, the Sobraon was converted into a reformatory ship. In August. 1912, she was acquired by the Com monwealth Government as a training ship for the Australian Navy, and was renamed Tingira. When it was decided to pay off the crew and discontinue the train ing of boys, the ship was sold to Mr. Watty Ford, one of the port's most, expert ship wrights and Bhiplovers. Mr. Ford died and left the teak ship to.be disposed of by his executors. PROGRESS OF STATE The improved position of the State was the subject of a recent speech by the Min ister for Labour (Mr. Dunningham). He said that the State budgetary position was being stabilised, employment was gradually increasing, and rural development was re ceiving the most careful attention of the I Government. The continuation of a policy dominated by those factors, and uninter rupted by disturbing influences, be they local or overseas, should enable the State to consolidate its position. For this financial year, Mr. Dunningham continued, it was expected that the deficit would be lower than the estimate of '£ 1,750,000. With a continuance of fav ourable conditions, it was thought that next financial year, which would begin on July 1 next, would see the beginning of a period of balanced budgets. The total of the remissions of taxation and charges made since the Government came into office was approximately £ 12,400,000. Re employment was steadily improving. The number of persons in normal employment hi the State was 750,000, as compared with 550,000 four years ago. The figures did not include those on relief works. The Government, in its rural development policy, was giving special attention to closer settlement, decentralisation, and the provision of town amenities in the form of water supply, electricity, sewerage, hos pitals, schools, developmental road con struction, swimming baths, saleyards, re clamations, and drainage.  UONDUN ^TO SYDNEY , ' ' . i l?f! . IN B)QUR DAYS PRiOBABLE Now that tho first EniiPire flying boat is in the air, tho acceleration of BmJJlre communtfcatlonsj has ;oeased to be a thing of tho future. It has become established In the present. Whe servloe ' oruislng speed of these' boats, whldh was ^specified m the jorigtaal oontraot ,to lie not les^ than 145 m p h, haa been eatabllBb. ed at more than 160 mpl, and. a top speed of nearly 200 m p h-has been obtained. With these boats it will bUT -pos- sible' to reach Sydney ln four days, arid- New Zoaland in five days, ? from London, The figures are obtained from -the cruising speed In 80 tioui'3 flight each day, (Naturally a. vastly jmprovo4 ground 'organisation will ,l)o neces sary to give effect to such a fast soliedulo, and a service faster than - seven days is unlikely for at least three years after the beginning of the service. In the old days, refuelling would' have taken .longer than ? the ' four' hours 'spare' each day, but nowa days, this essential service has been; reduced to minutes. The' Shell Com pany has a float at. Athens which can pump,, fuel into a flying boat at tho rate of nearly 5,000 gallons per hour jOn that basis, refuelling would occupy about 20 minutes' three tim es each day. ?The 'general use of flying boatsiby Imperial Airways will result in -* direot- reversal of their previous pot loy. The one maohlne ,wlll ' fly all the way Irom London to New Zea land, and passengers will live orf board the flying boat ,in «|sa©tly the' same way as they live' at present on a steamer. Suijeot-to Cabinet's approval Aus tralla— though tho contractor .r-vdU operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, re gular service planes bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly into the new marine airport to be built : at' Southhampton. The orews will bo changed at reg ulor points — in similar manner to the railways' —but It Is hoped r to perfect a soheme whereby all pilots inoluding tho Australians, beoome conversant with every seotlon of tho route. In' point of equipment, the new. flying^ -hoaits will carry more effio ient navigating equipment than -ttio great' ocean liners. Apart from an automatic-;: pilot, thoro will be direot lonal and.... beam wireless equipment; radio compass, and a homing devioe It Is olalmed'^that the boat can land safely and tlo&f in heaviest sea. (On the Australian section of the* route, the plan is- to carry 16 passen gers--the fare. £.160, plus exohange -and to reserve three and one hair, tons for carriage of malls. and freight  AVIATION. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS. Now that the first Empire flying boat is in the air, the acceleration of Empire communications has ceased to be a thing of the future. It has become established in-.the present:. Tiie service cruising speed of these boats, which’ was specilled in the original contract; to be not. less than 145 m.p.li., has been established at more than 100 m.p.li.. and a tup speed of nearly 200 m.p.li. lias been obtained. With these boats it will lie possible to reach Sydney in four days, and Xew Zealand in live days, from Lon don. Tiie figures are obtained from Hie cruising speed in 20 hours’ (light each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation will lie neces sary to give .effect to such a fast, schedule, and a service faster than seven days is unlikely for at least three years after tiie beginning of the service. , In tiie old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the. ’ four hours “spare” each day, but now adays tliis essential service Ims been reduced to minutes. The Shell Com pany lias a float at Athens which can pump fuel into a flying boat at the rate of nearly 5000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuelling would oc cupy about 20 minutes three times each day. The general use of flying boats by Imperial Airways will result iu a di rect reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to Xew Zealand, and passengers will live on board the fly ing boat in exactly Hie same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Aus tralia:—'through the contractor —will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, re gular service pianos bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regular-, ly into the now marine airport to be built at. Southampton. Tlio crews will be changed at re gular points—in similar manner to the railways—but it is holies to per fect a .scheme whereby all pilots, in cluding the Australians, become con versant with every section of the route. ■ In point of equipment, the new flying boats will carry more effic ient navigating equipment than the great ocean liners. Apart, from an automatic pilot, there will bo a dir ectional and beam wireless equipment radio compass, mid'a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sen. On the Australian section of the route, Hie plan is to carry B! passen gers—the fare is £ll!0, pins exchange —and to reserve, SI tons for carriage of mulls and freight.  LONDON TO SYDNEY. -- -~ Ilb Four Days Probable. sNW that the first Epipire flying bpqt is in thp jiir, the acc leration of Empire emnnuunleations Ies ceased to be a thing of the futqre. It has be conmp estahslshd in the present. The serylee cruising speed of these boats, wh!ich was pcift ed in the ori ginad contract to be not less than 145 4!.p.h., has been established at more thip 160 m.p.h., and .4 top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. has been obtained. Witll these boats it will be possible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealrafl ii flv days, fropu Lon =don. The figures are obtained from the cruising speed ip 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vistly !mlprpved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule, and a service faster than peyep days is un likely for at least three years after the beginping of the service. In the old days: re-fuelling would have taken longer tlhan the four hours "spare" each day, but nowadays this essential service hps been reduced to minutes. There is a float at Athens wlichll etlp plmip fuel into a fiying boat at the rate of nearly 5,000 gal lons an hour. On that basis, re-fuell ing would occupy about 20 minutes three times each day. The general use of flying boats by ln!perial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and passengers will live on board the flying-boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval. Aus tralia-through tile contractor-will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in histdry, regu Iar service plaNnes hearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regu lar points-in similar manner to the railwaysb-ut it is hoped to perfect a scheme whereby all pilots. including the Australians, beconme conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment. the new fly ing boats will carry more efficient navigating equipment than the great ocean' liners. Apart from an auto-1 matic pilotr there will be dlireetional and beanll wireless equipment. radio compass. and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safetly and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route. the plan is to carry 16 passen gers-the fare is £160. plus exchnnge -and to reserve .3?! tons for carriage of malls and freight. Mr. R. I. Argyle, a former member of the State Parliament and a brother of the present leader of the Opposi tion (Sir S. Argyle) died on Thursday at his residence, Bayfield Park, Bays water, at the age of 76 years.  BI-WEEKLY AIR SERVICE FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY Federal Government is Prepared To Participate in Scheme ONLY SEVEN .DAYS FOR JOURNEY CANBERRA, Wednesday. The Federal Cabinet today decided to inform the British Government that it is prepared to participate in the British scheme for a bi-weekly air service with flying boats from London to Sydney, each trip to take seven days. The Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) said later that Cabinet's communication to Britairn would not necessarily bring immediate finality, as certain details had still to be adjusted. ItFi..belie-,ted.that,A3,stralan .parti~ pation in the scheme 'will involve an adjustment of the estimated costs as between the two Governments, and that the only matter still outstanding is the question of the amount of sur charge. This question will be dis cussed by Cabinet tomorrow. The British Government informed the Commonwealth today that it de sired an early reply, as the scheme was due to begin operations ir/ August next year. It desires Australia to agree to the carriage of letters either way between London and Australia by flying boat without surcharge. The Commonwealth submitted an alternative proposal to reduce the exist ing surcharge from 1/6 to 6d. a letter, on the ground that the cost of the abolition of the surcharge would be an extravagance which the Common wealth could not afford, in view of the fact that a surcharge was necessary for the maintenance of internal airmail services. The Commonwealth decision now means that next year the existing aero plane connection between Singapore and Brisbane will be replaced by a through flying boat service from Lon don to Sydney, to be extended ulti mately across the Tasman to New Zea land, with Vancouver as the final ob jective. A last minute attempt to sway Min isterial opinion against the flying boat _i?:rri~" pIa:nsmade 4y-the Mi'nistri 61 Deierice (Sir ?Arch'daIe Parkhill).E I1 urged the retention of Australian con trol of the service to Singapore. Acceptance of the British scheme in its entirety, he pointed out, would mean the virtual exclusion of the Common wealth participation in international aviation control. From a defence standpoint Australia must develop her aviation to the fullest extent. Sir Archdale told Cabinet also that civil aviation and defence officials were unanimously opposed to the British Government's plan. He questioned the accuracy of the British estimate that the scheme would cost £300,000 for the first year and £150,000 a year thereafter. A careful study of the scheme by defence authorities, he said, revealed that the annual cost to Aus tralia would be at least £240,000. Ministers favoring the Empire scheme maintain that Australia's rights over the Singapore-Sydney section are fully safeguarded, because the Common wealth would be a partner with Britain and other dominions in the service. They pointed out that the Common wealth Government would be directly represented on the Governmental com mittee which would supervise the con duct of the service.  THREE DAYS. SYDNEY TO LONDON. MR. MOLLISONS VIEWS. WEAKNESS OF IMPERIAL PLAN. Mr J A Mollison said yesterday that there was no reason why a three-day schedule for a Sydney-London commercial air service should not be feasible in two or three years Australia s lim should be a schedule of not more than three days Mr Mollison-who was speaking al th_ luncheon of the Constitutional Association of New South Wales-said that the nil mail contract proposed by Imperial Airways offered Australia immediate advantages but the pro- posed tenure of 15 years called for serious consideration rifteen years Mr Mollison said was a life- time in aviation Developments wei. likely to be very rapid during the next thre» or four yeais and progress might materially alter the outlook Willie the immédiat, benefits to be derived from accepting the Imperial Airways proposai were undeniable it savoured almost of selling her birthright for Australia to tie herself up to a contract extending over 15 years There was much to be said for cen tialised control but there was also no reason why it should not be possible to synchronise two remote administrations and allow both Britain and Australia each to take a fair snare of the air mail contract Mr Mollison said that there was no doubt that the outstanding need of the Australia England air sei vice was speeding-up There were some difficulties to bo surmounted on the loute such as the attitudes of Turkey and Syria to foreign aircraft but he was sure these differences could be adjusted The Melbourne centenary air race had shown that the journey from England to Australia could be accomplished in what was termed the incredible time of three days There was no leeson why this time should not be- come feasible foi a regular commeiclal ser- vice within two or three years Dr Von Eckener who was conducting a sen ice across the South Atlantic with th_ Graf Zeppelin had informed him that the dirigible had not been given a fail chance to show its worth The next Zeppelin would bo a great advance on any previously built lighter-than air craft and would he believed be capable of a non- stop flight of 20 000 miles with full pay-load The disastious accidents experienced bv Bri tain and the United States of Ameilca in the lighter-than ah field had no bearing on the ultimate possibilities of the dirigible which might one day solve the prob- lem of rapid transpoit between London and Sydney Moling a vote of thanks to Mi Mollison Dr Prank Louat sdd that the attitude of the Government in the air mail contract dis eussions was difficult to undcistand It seemed to him that it would be a good thing if the Government would take the people into its confidence on a matter in which they weie so vitally Interested_  Jean Batten Plans to Reach Sydney Tmorrow STILL INTENDS TO REACH NEW ZEALAND IN NINE DAYS Civil Aviation Board to Ascertain Maximum Load for Plane MUST COMPLY WITH REGULATIONS SYDNEY, Monday. Jean Batten, who left Darwin today onher record-breaking. solo flight from England, expects to reach Sydney from - Charleville, where she will stay tonight,-about 10 a.m. S tomorrow. It is still her intention to reach New Zealond in -nine days from London, but Civil Aviation Depart ment regulations may prevent her flying the Tasman Ee o. It was proposed that -the Civil Aviation Board should meet in Melbourne today to discuss the question of allowing::. MissBatten to take off for New Zealand; but .as* no direct action can be taken to prevent the flight iif? her plane complies with regulations it :was: decided that a meeting was not necessary. After mechanics at Darwin had worked until after midnight repairing the brakes on her Percival Gull mono plkne, Miss Batten took off from Dar wini shortly after 6 o'clock this morn ing, intending to fly to Charleville be fore nightfall. Miss Batten' stated her intention of flying direct from Darwin to either Camooweal or Longreach to refuel. She will stay the night at Charleville, leaving for Sydney direct' tomorrow morning. 'f'I had a great sleep last night, and feel as fit as a fiddle this morning," Miss Batten said -befote taking off. "The fact that I :lost a 'day at Darwin does. not seem to matter now that I have that record., I-will cruise along steadily to Sydney." Although she risked landing at Dar win with faulty brakes, Miss Batten explained that she did not'intend doing' it all the way to Sydney, "The landing speed of my bus is 70 miles an-hour, and if I -had no brakes I just might not be able to stop it when I 'put it down,' ' she said. Miss Batten thanked the Qantas me chanics for their work on the plane, and after testing -the- brakes, which were functioning perfectly, she took off. Board's Unenviable Position The Civil Aviation Board has no power to prevent Miss Batten from con tinuing her flight to New Zealand. the Acting Corintroller-General (Wing Com mander Cobby) stated in Melbourne to day, "Her machine is registered in Great Britain, and wherever she may be, it is subject to the regulatfons of the British Air Ministry," said Wing Com mander Cobby. "But if her petrol for the trans-Tasman flight exceeds the maximum loading under Australian re gulations, we may ask the British Air Ministry to cancel her permit. Wing Commander Cobby said the specifications of Miss Batten's plane were being examined immediately, to ascertain what its maximum loading would be under Australian regulations. The petrol capacity would be checked when the machine arrived at Sydney. The New South Wales Superinten dent of - the Civil Aviation Bo?d day that the board was in An unenvi able positibn. "If we stop her- flying to New Zea land, people will say that she. could easily have made it, and we blocked her path to holnor and glory," he said. "If we let her fly and she does not get thirough, then the accusing finger will be pointed at us, and it will be asked, 'why did the authorities not step in and restrain the irl?" "It is very hard, even for me, to forecast what Jean is going to do next," said Miss Batten's. father, from Auckland,, in a radio telephone inter view. Discussing the prospects of Miss Batten's success in the Tasman section of hler flight, Mr..Batten remarked. "With my daughter speeding along through the air and her mother follow ing her by sea,-I am alone here in our Auckland home, but I am .confident we will be reunited according .to schedrile. "..'1 amsltt~ain.goie ,.roomzmad &-e€ad; for her arrival home early this *treek. I have not the slightest doubt she will be here." Broadbent May Try Again "it is possible I will attempt to regain the record Jean has taken from me," H. F. (Jim) Broadbent said today. 'If -I do. ,it will not be before about next Ociober. "She has put up a splendid show," said Broadbent. "It's great to see her to it." _roadbent said that in the event of his setting out to .create a new record he would use tbhe H. F. Broadbent samiie type 0o plane. There would not be much satisfaction in beating Miss Batten's time in a machine capable of higher speed. The Percival Gull used by Jean Bat ten is a twin to the' machine Broadbenti few. They were, built side by side. i It is thought thatj Miss Batten's Gulli has tanks which) provide a slightlyj Innper ranre. hut otherwise the planes are identical. Regarding her proposal to fly the Tasman Sea to New Zealand, Broad bent said the weather was the main factor. "It is, after all, Jean Batten's own business," he said. "If she wants to be the* first woman to fly from Lon don to New Zealand, then she is entitled to make her bid to do this. "The risk of engine failure is not serious.. Providing. the weather is good, there is little doubt that she will get through. But if the weather fore cast is not good, then'Jean would be well advised to call it a day on reach ing Sydney; or at least wait for good weather rather than go on with her idea of reaching New Zealand from London in nine days." MISS JEAN BATTEN ,in flying kit.  SEVEN DAYS TO SYDNEY FROM LONDON SEAPLANE'S AIM ON EMPIRE ROUTE ("the telegraph" special) LONDON, Sunday. SEVEN days' trips from Lon don to Sydney will be prac ticable when Imperial Airways place their , new planes into operation on Empire routes next year, declare the company's officials. The first batch of 29 high-wing monoplanes, fitted with a special Bristol Pegasus engine of 820 to 920 horse-power, with a cruising speed exceeding 150 m.p.h., is nearing com pletion at ' , Short Bros.', seaplane works on , the Medway. The first trials will take place- in April, and after that the flying-boats will be delivered: at the rate of one every three weeks. The planes have a .wing span of 114ft., and are about 885ft. long and 29ft. high. When they are in service, a seven days' schedule from London to Syd ney or Melbourne will be the ob jective, allowing for long halts for refuelling and delays due to weather. 4,000,000 LETTERS BRISBANE, Sunday.— It is esti mated that more' than 4,000,000 let ters have been carried between Aus tralia and England by Air Mall. Qantas to dace has carried 107,792 lb., 51101b. of which has been inter nal mail to Darwin and intermediate points. Most of the letters are a shade under half an ounce, and on this the estimate of the number of letters is based. The managing director, Mr. Hudson Fysh, said to-day that it would not be possible to estimate the extent to which freight and passengers ; would increase when -the duplication of the service was made effective, but he was certain that there would be a considerable increase, particularly .in the internal mail and passenger tr&iTic It was estimated by the Federal Government when the Brisbane to Singapore link of the Empire Air Mail service was being organised by Qantas-Empire Airways, that the mail load each trip be, for the first year, 1961b. The company's estimate was 3501b. . When the services settled down the average load for the first three months was 3951b. The present aver age to-day is 7101b., or 50 per cent, of total pay load that can be carried across the Timor Sea.  London to Sydney in Pour Days Now that the first Empire flying boat is Ih the air, the acceleration ! of Empire communications has j ceased to be a thing of the future, j It has become established in Hie present. The service cruising singed of these t boats, which was specified in the ordin al contract to be not less than 145 in.p.h., has been established at ui.«re than 160 rn.p.h., and a top speed of nearly 200 rn.p.h. has been obtained. With these boats it will be possible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealand in five days, from London. The figures are obtained from the cruis ing speed in 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule, and a service faster than seven days is un likely for at least three years after the beginning of the service. In the old N days, refuelling would have taken longer than the four "spare" each day, but nowadays, this essential service has been reduced to minutes. The Shell Company has a float at Athens which can pump fuel into a flying-boat at the rate of nearly 5,000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuel ling would occupy about 20 minutes three times each day. Use of Flying Boats. The use of flying boats by Imperial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and pias :;engers will live on board the flying boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Australia through the contractor-will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, regu lar service planes bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southhampton. The crews will be changed at regular points-in similar manner to the railways-but it is hoped to perfect a scheme where by all pilots, including the Australians, become conversant with every section of the route. Efficient Equipment. In point of equipment, the new fly ing boats will carry more efficient navi gating equipment than the great ocean iiuers. Apart from an automatic pilot, there will be directional and beam wire less equipment, radio compass, and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry 16 pas sengers-the fare is £160. plus ex change-and to reserve 3| tons for. car riage of mails and freight. 