 Empire Go-Slow Airways ; — — — — — DUTCH OUTCLASS OUR "HEN-COOPS" ON EASTERN RUN SYDNEY SHOULD BE FOUR DAYS NEARER LONDON TF Empire air services were up to date, it would be possible to step on a plane in London tomorrow and reach Sydney seven days later. That is the time Dutch services would lake. But we lag so far behind that our planes take 11 days. They are so out of date that only ' by the sacrifice of safety for speed could their schedule be pruned. Yet the Dutch are ready to begin a seven-day service between Amsterdam and Sydney, and could probably lop something off that. The answer is simple — they are using bigger and faster machines. On the present Empire service, pas sengers to Sydney have to change three times on route. A flying boat takes them to Karachi, an obsolete Atlanta to Singapore, the Qantas airmail to Brisbane, and an In terstate airliner to Sydney. Often there is a forced wait of one day at Singapore and an overnight stay in Brisbane. DUTCH 50 nup.h. FASTER Dutch air services, flying Douglases, beat Empire Airways' planes by one day to Batavia, and by a little more than li days to Sourabaya. The Empire service loses the time chiefly on the 4000 miles run from Karachi to Singapore, where out-of-date machines are being used. Mr. J. A. Mollison calls them hen coops. They are 1930 models, and have a cruising speed of 130 miles an hour, as compared with the 185 miles an hour of the Dutch liners. Their top speed of 155 miles an hour falls nearly 50 miles an hour below that of the Dutch machines. MODERN PERFORMANCE In cruising speeds the Dutch planes are far In advance of any machine, in cluding the flying-boats, on the Empire service between England and Australia. Qantas liners, with their cruising speed of 140 m.p.h., do not compare with the latest in commercial aircraft. When the Dutch air service to Aus tralia commences in July, it will main tain a seven-day schedule from Am sterdam (half-day from London) to Sydney. Seven months ago it was ready to start at two months' notice, but negotiatiohs with the Government have not yet been finalised. When Empire Airways begins its through flying-boat service from South ampton, it will start with a 11-day sche dule, and by progressive reductions An ally rench its objective of seven days to Sydney. ' .  *-_ LONDON TO SYDNEY IN EIGHT DAYS. * SYDNFV T"»cJ-" ^ JOURNEY between London and Sydney in eight days instead of 13£ days, as at present, will be possible if Airlines of Australia extend its service from Townsville through Darwin to Batavia, to link, up with thc Dutch air lines. In the event of this happening, 'the Australian company will operate a fleet of huge new airliners, carrying 20 pas sengers. Dutch representatives and Airlines of Australia arc known to have been in close consultation on the matter.  LONDON-SYDNEY, SEVEN DAYS. LONDON, Thursday. When the tri-weekly air mail ser vice from England to Australia com mences in January, 1938, it is pro posed to work to a ten-day schedule. and by progressive night flying to re duce the time of the journey from London to Sydney to seven days.  "DUTCH AIR SERVICE AGREEMENT TERMINATE AT SYDNEY? | LONDON-DARWIN 6i DAYS i From Our Special Representative CANBERRA, Friday. Details of the agreement between the Commonwealth and Dutch Gov ernments, under which the Royal Netherlands Indies Airways will ex tend its service to Australia, will, It is PVnpr»f/H hn nnnnnnpprf riovf. wPnlr Australia lias agreed In principle to the extension of the services from Batavia, but the terminal in the Com monwealth has not yet been revealed. It is probable that the planes will bo allowed to travel as far as Sydney, but that the carriage of mails and passengers between internal centres will be prohibited. This will virtually mean the appli cation of the Navigation Act regula tions, for the first time, to an air ser vice. A probable schedule of 6i days from London to Darwin will be main tained by the Dutch service. Douglas airliners will be used all the way. Negotiations which have been pro ceeding between the Governments for months, were chiefly concerned with the reciprocal rights. It is almost certain thnt Australian services will have the right to land at any Dutch East Indian aerodrome and to fly over Dutch territory. These rights are at present granted by the Dutch to Qantas Empire Air ways. and the Dutcli use British aerodromes when crossing India. The agreement will be particularly valuable to Australia when the Em pire flying-boat air mail service begins next year, in that bases in Dutch territory will be assured. Carriage of all mails will be re served to Empire services.  ? : TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS! , ; The question of increasing speed in air travel appears ^: to take pride of place on agenda papers at all meetings con vened to discuss plans to inaugurate new, or improve exist- ; ing air services. Yesterday's cables suggest that, as an outcome of the British Air Ministry's plans for an attempt on the distance record, and other plans, Sydney may soon be within three days of England. The coming of the day when Australia finds itself such a short 'com- mercial' time from England .will probably go down in history as important as did the first .flight from England. It will be a delight to see aviation experts achieve such an ambition, for we have heard and read so much about it that it is something that certainly will come. But should we be optimistic and expect the 'air-linking' of England and the Commonwealth to be achieved in as quick a time as a bullet takes to reach its target? The word 'soon' and the phrase 'in the near future' are very misleading. There is no doubt, as was previously stated, that Australia will get within three commercial flying days of England (the remarkable progress made by the aero plane indicates that) but why rush plans and create in the minds of the public the idea that future events will take place like a flash. Aviation has already had too many set-backs due, to some extent, to public disappointment at the failure of some bright plan or other which was to have done wonders. As pointed out here but a few days ago, the service which was to commence on January 1, will not commence before September next, if then. These excursions into the flights of fancy, this propaganda is ridiculous. No one is foolish enough to put any confidence in what are but pious aspirations. AUSTRALIA— SINGAPORE— ENGLAND. (Special Cable Service) Inward. No. 1E595, ex London Oct. 24. Left Alexandria ? Oct. 26 Left Karachi ? Oct. 28 Left Calcutta ? Oct. 30 Arrived Singapore ? Oct. 31 Transhipped to R.M.A. Sydney ? Nov 1 Left Darwin ? ...Nov. 3 Due Sydney ? .'.:.... Nov. 5 No. 1E596, ex London Oct. 28. Left Alexandria ? Oct. 31 Left Karachi ? Nov. 2 Left Calcutta ? Nov. 4 Due Singapore ? Nov. 5 ' Tranships to R.M.A. Brisbane ? Nov. 6 Leaves Darwin .......... Nov. 8 Due Sydney ., ? Nov. 10 No. 1E597, ex Sydney Oct. 31. Left Alexandria ? .;.'.. Nov. 2 Leaves Karachi ? . Nov. 4 Leaves Calcutta ? Nov. 6 Due Singapore .... . . ..; ? . Nov. 7 Tranships to ^.M.A. Adelaide ? ... . . . . ,. Nov. 8 Leaves Darwin . .. ? .. .... Nov. 10 Due Sydney ............ Nov. 12 No. 1E598, ex London Nov. 4. Leaves Alexandria ..... Nov. 6 Leaves Karachi ? Nov. 8 Leaves Calcuta ? Nov. 10 Due Singapore ? ....Nov. 11 Tranships to R.M.A. . Melbourne ' . . ... ..... Nov. 12 Leaves Darwin ... ? ... Nov. 14 Due Sydney ... ? .....Nov. 16 Outward. r No. iW596, ex Sydney Oct. 26. Left Brisbane by R.M.A. ' Brisbane ? Oct. 27 Left Darwin ? Oct. 29 Arrived Singapore ? Oct. 30 Transhipped to Imperial Airways No. 596 .... Oct. 31. Left Calcutta ? Nov. 2 Left Karachi ? Nov. 3 Leaves Alexandria ...... Nov. 6 Due London ? Nov. 7 No. 1W597, ex Sydney Oct. 29. Left Brisbane by R.M.A. Adelaide ........:.....:. Oct. 30 . Left Darwin ? .. Nov. 1 Arrived Singapore .....: Nov. 2 Transhipped to Imperial Airways No. 597 .... Nov. 3 Leaves Calcutta ? Nov. 5 Leaves Karachi ? ..Nov. 6 Leaves Alexandria ? Nov. 9 Due London ? '. Nov. 10 No. 1W598, ex Sydney Nov. 2. Left Brisbane by R.M.A. Melbourne ? Nov. 3 Leaves Darwin ? Nov. 5 Due Singapore ' ? Nov. 6 Tranships to Imperial : Airways No. 598 ? Nov. 7 Leaves 'Calcutta ? Nov. 9 Leaves Karachi ? NoY- 10 Leaves Alexandria ? Nov. 13 Due London ? \.. Nov. 14! No. 1W599, ex Sydney Nov. 5. Leaves Brisbane by R.M.A. Canberra ? Nov. 6 Leaves Darwin ? Nov. 8 Due Singapore ? Nov. 9 Tranships to Imperial Airways No. 599 ... Nov. 10 Leaves Calcutta ......' . .. . Nov. 12 Leaves Karachi ......... Nov. 13 Leaves Alexandria ....... Nov. 16 Due London ? ...Nov. 17  ST. LOLAN AT SYDNEY. 87 Days From London. SYDNEY, July 20. The trawler St Lolan, which has been bought by the Red Funnel Trawler Coy., of Wooloomooloo. arriv ed at Sydney from Fleetwood, near Liverpool, early this morning. The voyage, which was made via the Cape, took 87 days. The St Lolan's plates were rusty and the smoke stack was encrusted with salt Not one of the 14 aboard, including the commander (Captain Boyd) wants to see the ship again. F. Crisp, a young New Zealander, said, 'The best we can say of her was that she was a good sea boat Rats and other vermin and shortage of food made us all wish for the sight of Sydney and a bath. J. McCarthy, member of the crew, said that at night rats came in bat talions and warmed themselves on the deck over the engine room. Three days from Dakar (Senegal) most of the meat went bad and had to be thrown overboard and then coal on the port side caught fire. This was subdued with great difficulty.  Fast New Air Service Planned DUTCH LINERS 'U.S.A. Will Use Stratosphere 7 ?' ' - SEVEN DAYS TO LONDON \ SYDNEY, Friday. The Acting Minister for Defence, Mr. Thor by, stated to-day at Orange that an official , .' announcement of details of tho agreement be tween the Commonwealth Royal Neth erlands Indies Airways, which has been giv en permission to % to Australia, could be ex ! pected in the near future. Mr. Thorby said that the Commonwealth Ministers in Aus- ; tralia were in communication with the Prime Minister, Mr. : ' Lyons, and the British Government on the matter. It is con- : sidered in aviation circles that, when the Dutch service is oper ating the schedule will be 6J days from London to Darwin, and 8J days to Sydney via Adelaide. It lo expected thnt the Dutch lino will llnlc with an Australian air line ot Darwin. The existing Brltloh o^vlce 'planes talco 10 days to Darwin, but thla will gradually be reduced to seven . days to Sydney with flying boats. , Tho representatives of Dutch Air ways In Sydnoy to-day declined- to .. discuss: tho maUov, saying tlioy had rocolvod no Information on the posi tion.;' ? ' ? ' 7 ' 1 ,!/ V ; It' Is understood that roolpi'ocal pro visions mentioned in connection with tho agreement aro ooncorneil with air oraft* facilities in tho Dutch East Indlos. ? ?; i It Is pointed out thnt tho (Juntas Em pire Airways files twloo weekly ovor about 1000 mlloB of Dutch territory on route to Singapore, using Dutch uoro dromoa. In addition it is planned that the flying boats of tlio British air ways 'schomo for Australia should take Bdvnntngo of Dutoh harbors. The prediction that In three years passenger stratosphere flights with oxyaen-filled cabins would be Introduood, was made by Mr. T. Miller, of tho Bureau of Air Commerce, United States Depart ment of Commerce, who arrived In Sydney to-day by the Awatea. : Mr, Miller will study Paolfio , con ditions, 'with a vlow to the ovontual granting of mall subsidies to United States air awvloos, , He will endeavor lo gain , somo estimate of the amount of mail and the ntimbor of passengers Ukoly. to bo carried on air services botween . the United States, points of the Pttoiftoj and Now Zealand. Although the Americans had no plans for : services between Australia nnd Now Zoaland, he said ugradmonts botwoon tho Governments- for the car riage of mall would be necessary whon tho British; sorvlco started. ?Although the Amorloaris had started l.lio trans-Paulllc B'orvloe, said Mr., Mil ler, ho expeoted to see competitive lines flying over similar air routes,. Air sorvicos, ho addod, like shipping, would bo compotitlvo.  AIR MAIL Retails of Inter-Empire \Seheme Released — s 10 Days Scn'icft Betweeitj Sydney and, Lo^on CANBERRA, Wednesday.—De-^ tails of the inter-Empire air mail scheme tabled in the House of Commons to-day and released in Canberra to-night provide for a 10-day service between Sydney and London at the outset, with ulti mate provision for a reduction to seven days. In the British White Faper Sydney is named as the Austra lian terminal. Two trips a week are planned: and first-class mail frosn Britain would be carried at the ordinary rates. Reduced surcharges will be charged on outward mails from Australia, Australia is to have control ofi the Darwin-Singapore section of the route and Qantas has been nominated), as the Australian company tc co-operate with Imperial Airways in the operation cf tills service. Under a 15-year contract from Jan uary 1, 1938, a subsidy of £750,000 is I to be paid by the1 British Government to Imperial Airways for services to I Australia, India, and) South Africa. Re- J ducttcns of £75,000 a year in successive [ three-year periods are provided, and | remuneration for the carriage cf mail j is fixed at £900,000 a year. The participating countries are to contribute £185,000' a year, with provi sion for payment, as in: the case of Australia, to companies associated .with Imperial Airways. A statement by Dr. Earle Page -ex plaining the) agreement was. issued! to night.. It stated' that the Common wealth regards the1 British' proposal for the two-way carriage of first-class mad matter, by air as. Incompatible with, the surcharge system in force in Australia, the. retention of which was 'essential. Special, arrangements had) ^therefore been made fon the imposi tion of a surcharge of 5d. a half ounce, 1/1 less than the present rate.  Sponsored "By W "This JVeef Counting The Day s To Coronation i From NELL MURRAY LONDON,. February 27. NOW thai the Coronation is near enough to develop into a matter of counting the days, ! am beginning to wonder about such mundane things as what to wear to the Abbey I —and FOOD ! Those visitors from overseas who are contracting for nice seats I in the window of some hotel along the route at ten guineas a head I will be sitting pretty, with a substantial breakfast and lunch thrown I in for the price, and non-stop champagne on tap. . I hear that Grosvenor House | has ordered in a couple of tons of j caviare, 20 tons of strawberries, I and 2500 cantaloupe melons as part of the luxury items which will be consumed on this auspicious oc casion. - But the newspaper scribes, peers, ! peeresses, and so on, who will have to sit for solid hours waiting in the Abbey for the ceremony to begin- will have no such creature comforts. . A frient of mine who went to the 1911 Coronation tells me that the thing, to do then was to take a mutton pie daintily concealed in one's handker- chief. . Why mutton pies, heaven only knows. As I don't- happen to llke, . them myself, T shall, doubtless,- switch to a ham sandwich. And. a flask of cold tea might not come amiss, as- we'll be there from well before eight. o'clock in the morning until any old hour after midday. You can't take food wrapped in paper because it rustles. Imagine the noise of hundreds of. paper bags "being opened as the hungry ones dip into then- provisions! Remembering the Jubilee celebra tions, when my taxi got stuck In the traffic on the way to St.. Paul's, and I literally had to run all the -way from Hyde Park Corner to Victoria Station, early rising and an early start will be my motto on Coronation Day . . . Artificial Flowers Worn A year or two ago, any Savllle Row tailor would have passed right out at the mention of an artificial red car nation. This was the fashion, largely pioneered by the Duke of Kent, which the gilded youth of the town adopted for evening wear. Nowadays, artificial blooms are very much the mode, and America is, buy ing them from England by the thou sand. , Meanwhile, London has had a con- troversy about what kind of hattery is smartest for men. ' Most folk were unanimous , that An thony Eden leads the style with his black felt Homburg— until someone pointed out that this was part of the official uniform of the Liverpool Cor poration sanitary inspectors— and has been for years! I don't know whether our visiting Australian youth will ; take kindly to the daring Waistcoats which are beihg introduced by some . London tailors for the greater gaity of nations during Coronation year. . ' - They are in three shades, and meant to be worn with dinner Jackets. The colors are PHnce's Grey, Bermuda Coral, and Dozi Blue. These wul have colored ties to match. Alternatively, with the latest single- oreasted dinner jackets, you can dis pense with the waistcoat altogether, and wear instead a pleated satin cum merbund. - Treasure From Japan When I was handed a completely or- oinai-y tin, wrapped in paper and look- m„ exactly like a can of prime salmon what'"eS — my flrst reaction was "So "There's a pearl inside," remarked «MIoud 0WIier, in hushed tones. Picked up and shaken, the tin tion a hollow rattle, with something fi-inT movine about loose inside. My "rt» then informed me that this iwf-P ,sea treasure" (that's what is Vo2 , , Qri the label) Is one of New ork s crazes. atiH had been brought to her from there, Vm!i.c two an&lt; a half dollars.- New h„,, wonien, it seems, can ask nothing in„ r of life than that instead of send- ,-JJho customary orchids— friends son t 'hunch" them with a dozen deep sea nthis way, they gradually amass a h.inl ; a bracelet, or anything they PPen to want in the pearl business. i,,,?lle|dng the tin is a reverent rit- '' „ FlrSt f all, you cut the cover "actly 3s if opening the humble J,',, Vlon' Comes the oyster (still no! miraculously) floating in salt »e&lt;i water. Then you open the oyster, and if all goes well, there is a marvellous snowy pearl nestling inside. This, is just a clever development of the cultured pearl idea by. the Jap anese. And I'm told that they've ar ranged things so well that seldom does the "canned" deep sea treasure turn out to be a dud. If so, you get your money back. INTERESTING VARIATIONS in mid-season head wear seen by our fashion artist, I Rene, during the week were: ; Miss Joy Pit tar's navy velour Breton trimmed with chic reefer knots of velour. The riavy felt hat with an exaggerated swathe of navy and I white worn by Miss. Noni Smith. . The tailored bow poised in the centre front which I . gave individuality to Miss Valmai Ramsay's navy felt platter tam-o'-shanter. What . promise to be favored autumn styles were Mrs. George Ewing's high crowned I 14 \v i .'.nut 'un' s u > . . um . bonnet of black felt trimmed with dyed Persian lamb, the cedar brown felt with a high front accent, chosen by Mrs. King Cornell, and the novel effect of a double rolled brim on the black felt model worn by Miss Grace Curlewis.  DUTCH AIRWAYS LINK WITH AUSTRALIA London-Darwin 6i Days STRATOSPHERE PASSENGERS SYDNEY, Friday. Mr. Thcrby stated in Orange to day that an official announcement of the details of the agreement between the Commonwealth and the Royal Netherlands Indies Airways, which : . had been given permission to fly to Australia, should be expected in the near future. - It was considered . in aviation circles that when the Dutch service was oper ating, the schedule would be six and a half days from London to Darwin, and eight and a half , days to Sydney, via Adelaide. It was expected that the Dutch line would link with the Aus tralian air line at Darwin. , STRATOSPHERE. The prediction that in three years passenger stratosphere flights, with oxygen-filled, cabins, would be intro duced, w;as made by Mr. M. T. Miller, of the Bureau of Air Commerce and the U.S. Department of Commerce,1 who arrived in Sydney/- ;to-.day by the Awatea. ... Mr, Miller will study Pacific condi tions, with a view to the eventual granting of mail- subsidies to the U.S. air services.  TO LONDON IN NINE DAYS FOR £250 SYDNEY, Thuriday. Ten Auilralisni who would like to be in London on Tuesday week may gratify their wish for £250 each. They, -nay leave Brisbane next Sun day by the Dutch airliner, now in Syd ney, on which it 'was decided to-day to cary return passengers. Inclu'dina a day's stav in lava, the through trip to London will take 9} days, which gives a foretaste of what a Dutch service running regularly to Aus* tralia would mean.  EMPIRE PLANE SERVICE LONDON TO DARWIN IN 6i DAYS New Plans Announced SYDNEY. Friday . Six and * half days from London to Darwin and eight and a half cU.yx to Sydney via Adelaide— that ts the. probable schedule when the Dutch air service comes to Australia. The existing Bitish service takes ten days to Darwin and 12i to Brisbane. This will be reduced gradually with to seven days to Sydney with flying boats next year. At present it is regarded as un likely tha: the Dutch line will fly to Sydney. It is expected that it will link up with an Australian air line at Darwin. An official announcement of details cf the agreement for the Dutch ser vice .will be made shortly, the Act ing jjinister for Defence, Mr. Thorby said today. iThc Commonwealth has consented to the application of Royal Nether lands Indies Airways to fly to Aus tralia but details have yet to be completed . Mr. Thorby. spcaking; by tele phone from Orange, said he was un able to discuss the matter beyond itatlng that the Commonwealth Ministers in Australia were in communication with the 'Prime Min ister (Mr. Lyons* and the British Government on the matter. The Commonwealth wms endeavor ing to reach an agreement with the Dutch povenmont on certain points, Mr. Thorby said. The connecting air line will prob ably serve Sydney mid Melbourne via Adelaide, flying from Darwin through Ceiytrai Australia with Alice Springs as a half way base. Guinea Airways Ltd. which re cently 'began operations in Australia established itself on this route a few months ago with the fastest air liner in Australia, a Lockheed Electra. ?They have ordered a second Lock bred Electra to start a service be tween Adelaide and Sydney. The route is alternative to the more direct route acres ? Quensland on which the Qar.tas-En... ire Airways service flies. * It is not. tbougnt that the Dutch would be permitted to compote di rectly with Qantas along that route. The difference in .length of the Central Australian route is regarded almost inconsiderable for high speed 'planes. The Dutch would use Douglas 'planes from Batavia. These cruise at .180 miles an hour. Airlines of Australia before its association with Australian National Airways, stated in January that it was 'certainly interested in the mat ter of connecting our service with :he proposed Dutch airline.' The suggestion then was that Air lines cf Australia would extend its Townsville service across to Dar v. in . The Central Australian route is now regarded as more likely to be that of the connecting airline. The managing director of Qantas Empire Airways (Mr. Hudson Fyslu today declined to discuss the matter. He had received no advice that the Dutch request had been granted. No advice has been received by Dutch Airways representatives in Sydney. Mr. A. Bakker, one of them said today that he was therefore, not in a position to discuss the mat ter. It is understood that reciprocal provisions mentioned in connection with the agreement afreet, mainly aivcraft facilities in the Dutch East Indies. It js known that the Commonwealth has consented to the Royal Dutch airlines operating to Australia, but de tails have not yet been completed. The Dutch schedule allows for 61- days from London *o Darwin, and two ad ditional days to Sydney, via Adelaide. The British and Australian service at present already takes 11 days from England to Darwin, and 12i days to Brisbane. Howoevr. when flying boats are used the time will be reduced to 7 days from London to Sydney, flying time.' In aviation circles in Sydney the opinion was expressed that the Dutch line will be permitted to operate as far as Darwin only, and that the Qantas service and other services will carry and distribute the internal malls. It Ls understood that the Dutch arrangement provides for the carriage of mails to southern States l)y Guinea Airways from Darwin to Adelaide, and then direct to Sydney and Melbourne.  7 DAYS' IS OBJECTIVE London-Sydney Air Mail LONDON, Thursday. When the tri-weekly air mail ser vice from England to Australia com mences in January, 1938, it is propos ed to work to a 10-day schedule and by progressive, night. flights to reduce the time of the journey from Lon don to Sydney to seven days.  BROADBENT LEAVES FOR LONDON TO-DAY Hopes To Break Record Flight Of 7 Days SVrVJTTV .Qnnilnn Mr. H. .F. Broadbent will leave at dawn to-morrow on the first stage of lis attempt to gain the Australia England solo flight record. . He plans to spend to-morrow night at Charleville, and if conditions are favourable to be in Darwin on Tues day. Mr. Broadbent said that given good flying conditions he should break the record of 7 days 19 hours 50 minutes. His schedule provided for a flight of 6 days 16 hours 30 minutes.  EIGHT DAYS FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY DUTCH COMPANY'S PROPOSAL SYDNEY. Tuesday. An eight-day aerial service between Fvdhey and London is contemplated ' ' Airline's c' Ans'.ra'ia Ltd in '-cneraticn with the Dutch service 'vhlrh cperates from Amsterdam to Etitavia. 'TrUs would present a form '.frfile threat to Imperial Airway.-, rnd the iQantas Airmail services. v:hi-'i takes, thirteen and a half day:* en i's current schedule. Although it Is impossible to secuu. a definite statement from either the Eutch representatives or the Airline.1; cf Australia, the service would, ol ccur.se, be confined to passengers. !-nj it is expected it would secure the bulk of the passenger traffic cw :nz to the ereat savins- in tin™. The Dukih have persistently ap plied for a permit to enter Australia en a commercial basis the last, ap plication being February laH year. In the event of the present nego tiations reaching a satisfactory con clusion a hi'ge fleet of new airliners, capable of .carrying 20 passengers, will be ordered. The date of octn mencernent of .ithe service would de rend on the time when delivery ol the new airliners covld be made. Airlines of Australia Is financed by the British Pacific Trust.  I MWNTOSYDNEY mails in ten days DETAILS OF I AGREEMENT Rose Bay Will Be Air Base CHEAPER RATE CANBERRA. Wednesday. JYDJvEy will be linked with London by ten days' air mail and passenger service by tlie terms of an agreement entered into between the Commonwealth and Britain. | JEI'AILS of the service tabled in oub nuuse or uommons to-day were released In Canberra to-night. One of tho outstanding features of the agreement is that the service is based on the assumption that Sydney will be the terminus, and in view of this, Rose Bay is certain to be select ed as the air base, despite any ob jections which may be raised by the residents of that locality. This point, however, will probably be decided at a Cabinet meeting to be held in Mel bourne on Monday. A British White Paper envisages two trips a week, during which the mail will be carried at ordinary rates of postage. Ultimate provision is to be made, however, for a seven days' journey from London to Sydney. Australia will control the Singa- jOre-Darwin section of the route, and in this connection the Commonwealth Government has nominated Qantas as the operating company. Imperial Airways will, of course, control the section from London to Singapore. Nq Tenders Called Some surprise has been expressed in official circles at the failure of the Commonwealth Government to call tenders for the Singapore-Darwin section of the route. rnmniA«/»ln(? f,Am Tnuusni 1 1MB tho British Government Tfll subsi dise the services to Australia, India, and South Africa to the extent of £750.000 a year, the subsidy to decline by £75.000 a year in successive three- year periods. Payment for the car riage of mails is fixed at £900,000 a year. The Dominions concerned In the seivlce will contribute £185.000 a year, Australia's payments to be made to the companies associated in the ser vice with the Imperial Airways. Commenting on the agreement, the Acting-Prime Minister, Dr. Earl Page, said to-night that tho Com monwealth regarded the British pro posal for a two-way carriage of first- class mall matter by air as incom patible with the surcharge system operating in Australia. Special ar rangements, therefore, had been made for tlie imposition of a sur charge of 5d per half-ounce, which was 1/1 less than the present rate. No Unified Control Dr. Page announced that the Fed eral Government had objected to the British proposal for unified control by the Commonwealth and United Kingdom of the route from London to Sydney, but had succeeded in re taining sole control of the Singapore- Sydney section. It had been agreed that the same type of aircraft would fly the whole route. The flying boats used for this pur pose would be on trial for two of the fifteen years of the contract. It was expected that the machines would be satisfactory, but provision had been made for the Federal Govern ment to review the basis of the par ticipation in operation on the route if they proved a failure. Flown By Australians Dr. Page emphasised that the 'planes used on the section of the route under Commonwealth control would be flown by Australians and would be available to the Common wealth in the event of emergency. If the mail carried annually was less than 40, 0001b a year at the out set, the Australian contribution to the subsidy would be £40,000 sterling, and £32,000 sterling for mails. A maximum of £50,000 subsidy and £32,000 for mails would be reached when the service was carrying 55,000 lb. of mail annually. While surcharge fees would pro vide portion of these costs, extra ex penditure aggregating £30,000 a year would be Incurred for ground or ganisation on the Singapore-Sydney section of the route.  TEN DAYS IN SYDNEY LONDON, Tuesday. According to 'The Times' aviation correspondent, the flying boats which axe coming to Australia will call att Marseilles and other places, arriving in Sydney the last week in January. They will stay ten days and after wards fly to Melbourne, Hobart, Ade laide, Perth, Cjarnarvoh. and 'Derby, whence they leave for home about the middle of March, being due back a/t Plymouth In Miay.  LADY NUNBURNHOLME'S MESSAGE TO AUSTRALIAN WOMEN. Lord Carrington's Daughter Discusses Early Days in Sydney. GOVERNMENT HOUSE INCIDENTS. (An Exclusive Interview with Lady Nunburnholme by BEATRICE MACDONALD, by Air Mail.) LONDON, February 13. J ADY NUNBURNHOLME, who lived in Sydney when her J--" father, Lord Carrington, was Governor of New South Wales, is recognised as a leader among women in England. She is, among other things, president for Great Britain of the National Council of Women, and in a message to the women of Australia through the Women's Supplement, urges them to rally to the support of the League of Nations, and the International Council of Women, which has been preaching peace for fifty years. I WTSH it were possible for my pen lo give * you the impression that the Dowager Lady Nunburnholme made upon me when I first met her-soon after I arrived in London. We were nilting. side by side at a meeting of the National Council of Women, and I could not help being »truck with the bright, laughing-eyed personality, tnd the clever comments of this lady on my right. When the meeting concluded, I was introduced to her by Dame Maria Ogllvie-Gordon, who was taking me to the Forum Club Tor a chat. "Let me drive you there. I'm going that way," said Lady Nunburnholme-and we gratefully accepted. Turning to me, with her young and very pretty anille, she said, "You've Just come across? I'm dhvays so glad to meet Australian women. I loved Australia-my father, Lord Carrington, was Governor of New South Wales, you know," and vrheit I told her I had come from New South -Le liare, LADY NUNBURNHOLME (Lady Mary Thynne, daughter of the Marquess of Bath, one of the most beautiful girls in England, daughter-in-law of the Dowager Lady Nunburnholme). Wales, she asked me one question after the other, ina seemed to have kept in knowlcdgable touch, no1 only with Australian happenings, but;,-With Australia itself (something that is very rare among English women), and when the Forum Club was reached, and we bade her good-bye, she left with me the vivid impression of her keenly retentive, snd widely informed brain-her most attactive appearance, and her delightful friendliness. Every time since 1 have been brought into closer con- tact with her the impression has deepened, and 1 have become aware of the far-reaching activi- ties of this charming woman. Born in 1880, the second daughter of Charles Robert Wynn Carrington, Marquess of Lincoln- shire, and the Hon. Cecilia Mary Harbord (daugh- ter of Charles, fifth Lord Suffield, Lord-In-Wait- ing to Queen Victoria, and also to icing Edward VII.i, she went out with her parents to Sydney in 1885, when her father was appointed Governor of New South Wales. Sir Henry Parkes was then Premier of New South Wales, and he and Lord Carrington became great friends. Talking of that wise old man (Si> Henry), she said: "Sir Henry and my father both had the vision to plan for the great city which modern Sydney has become." Continuing, she said: "Life in Sydney fifty years f go was a paradise for children. The North Shore had, with the exception of a few houses round Admiralty House, no buildings on it, and my father used to take us in the launch across the harbour every Sunday to different coves, where we had picnics. We never exhausted the beaulieu of that, shore. On week-days we used to ride over to the Outer Heads, passing through what Is now National Park-there, one of the drives is still called Lady Carrington's Drive, aftei my mother. Incidents at Government House. "T X 7TTH his love of sport end horses, my father \ \ always regarded his five years in Sydney as one of the happiest periods of his life. It was possible (in the much smaller Sydney of those days) to throw Government House literally open on his fortnightly afternoon reception. Any- one who wrote their name In a book at Govern- ment House would receive an invitation, and my lather used proudly to say that in all those five years his hospitality was never abused, except in the case of one lady who 'passed out* after having 27 glasses of sherry in rapid succession! One of the most heated discussions during his Governorship arose over the question of prece- dence of two very important dignitaries. My father solved the knotty problem by widening the dining-room doorway, thus making it possible for the two gentlemen to walk In side by side I" Talking of the warm sympathy her mother had, and the ready help she always gave to lonely or distressed women, Lady Nunburnholme said: "In 1887, the year of Queen Victoria's first Jubilee, my mother started the Jubilee Fund in New South Wales. It was one of the first things ever done to assist women arriving in Australia, who were financially stranded. A very big Women's Exhibi- tion was organised and held, I remember, to start the fund. I was interested to hear that the work of the fund Is still being carried on, and when my mother died in 1934, I received a letter of sympathy from the governors of the fund in New South Wales. Naturally, 1 am delighted lo know that the fine women in Australia have kept alive the seeds of protective kindness and womanly understanding, which my dear mothei sowed 49 years ago." Left Australia when Ten. ?jlyj-ARJORIE CARRINGTON was 10 years old I» J. when her father's term of Governorship for New South Wales ended, and the following 10 THE DOWAGER LADY NUNBURNHOLME. --tnare. years were filled with the activities of school, her debut into social life, presentation at Court, and by her marriage in 1901 to Charles Henry Welles- ley Wilson, 2nd Baron Nunburnholme, a large ship-owner and Lord Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire. From the beginning of her married life, Lady Nunburnholme took a leading part in many of the activities carried on in Hull and the East Riding, and particularly in the work of the National Vigi- lance Association, which had, for one of its-objects the care of -women travelling by sea and rail. In those days there was a constant stream of emi- grants from the Scandinavian and other countries in the Noith of Europe to America, 'and these came to Hull in the first place, crossing then to Liverpool, and so to America. She was paiticu larly interested in this work, as so many of the emigrants came to Hull in boats belonging to the Wilson Line, of which Lord Nunburnholme was vice-chairman. Thus, per- haps unconsciously, she was scattering those seeds of kindness in other parts of the world which her mother had first sown, years before, in Australia. Lady Nunburn holme's Work. LADY NUNBURN- HOLME has always been deeply'interested in the work of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem (of which she is now a Lady of Grace), and in Hull, where she lived after her marriage, there were many members of the St. John Ambulance Brigade and St. John Voluntary Detachments. When war broke out, she became Commandant of the St. John V.AX>. Hos- pital in Hull, the largest V.AJ-. hospital in the country, which was opened by Lord French, where both naval and military patients were received. Since the war, she has been closely associated With all organisations whose objects are to fur- ther peace and progress, not only in Gi eat Bri- tain, but in the world generally. She is chair- man of the Moral Welfare Sectional Committee, and British representative on the International Council of Women's Equal Moral Standard Com- mittee. She is chairman of the British National Committee for the Suppression of Traffic in Women and Children, and a member of the Executive of the National Vigilance Association, and of the Public Morality Council. She is closely connected with the Women's Em- ployment Federation, and is a member of the Council of KJng's College for Household and Social Science. She is also chairman of the Manage- ment Committee of the United Women's Insur- ance Society-the largest women's insurance society in Great Britain. And, above all, she is the president for Great Britain of the National Council of Women. After Lady Trustrum Eve's death, in 1934, Lady Nun- burnholme was unanimously.elected as presidenr of the N.C.W., and she has imbued the whole of this huge organisation with her own remarkable vitality and purposeful achievement. And, with all these onerous duties, she never loses her de- lightful charm, her sympathetic friendliness, and infectious gaiety. She has always been very fond of winter sports, and when younger, bob-slelghing was her favourite sport, but 'now it is skating. She is also a keen bridge player. She has three children, two sons and one daugh- ter. Her eldest son (who, on-,his fnther's death ,in 1924, became 3rd Baron Nunburnholme) mar- ried Lady Mary Thynne, the beautiful daughter oí Portion of the Lady Carrington Drive, National Pai k, N S W. the Marquess of Bath. She was bridesmaid to both Princess Mary (the Princess Royal), and to the Duchess of Yoik (now Queen Elizabeth). Loro and Lady Nunburnholme have three children, two boys and a ghi, and live in Northamptonshire, where Lord Nunburnholme has a very successful dairy farm. His brother, the Hon. R. David Wil- son, is a student at Cambridge, and is an expert skier. He and his mother spent Christmas in Switzerland, enjoying the Alplnt delights of skating and ski-ing. Lady Nun burnholme's daughter, a beautiful girl, married, in February, 1924, Lord Winterton, a distinguished M.P., who is making his views felt in the Honte of Commons at the present time. 