 LONDON-SYDNEY IN 3 DAYS Imperial Airways Aim For 1941 Australian Associated Press LONDON, Monday. Quoting tho prophecy of the managing director of the Dutch Air Lines (Mr Plesman) that a three-day London- Sydney service would be operative in 1941, the News Chronicle announces that Imperial Airways have a similar ob- jective. Air ports en route will be equipped in order to permit of regular night flying.  NEW AIR MAIL SCHEDULES. Ten Days to Sydney. TWO AND A HALF DAYS TO INDIA. LONDON, March l8. Imperial Airways Ltd. have made public its schedules for the new Empire flying-boat air mail service, which pro- vide for a 10 days' service to Sydney, a two and a half days' service to India, and a four and a half days' service to South Africa. Imperial Airways announces that the first flying-boat on the new London-Australia ser- vice will leave Southampton on April 10, and the first flight from Brisbane will be on April 5. Times from Southampton are: To India, China, and Australia: Alexandria (Egypt), one day three hours; Karachi (India), two days nine hours; Calcutta, three days six hours; Bangkok (Siam), four days seven hours; Hong Kong (China), five days six hours; Singapore, five days two hours; Dar- win, seven days two hours; Brisbane, eight days 23 hours; Sydney, 10 days four hours. To South Africa: Cairo, one day Ave hours, Khartoum, two days one hour; Klsumu, two days 23 hours; Monbasa, three days two and a half hours; Mozambique, three days nine and a half hours; Durban, four days 10 hours. NO NIGHT FLYING. It Is claimed that the services are as fast, or faster than any long-distance service in the world. They will operate without night flying. Further accelerations are likely in thc near future. Increased passenger and mail traffic is expected. Passengers for India and the Far East will sleep one night each at Athens, Basra, Kara- chi, Calcutta, and Bangkok, and those going on to Australia at Singapore, Rambang, Dar- win, and Longreach. The Wednesday service from Bangkok to Hong Kong Is planned to give Australia a direct air connection with China in less than a week. COOLANGATTA ON THE WAY. The flying-boat Coolangatta, commanded by Captain G. U. ("Scotty") Allen, left Southampton to-day on the first stage of Its flight to Australia, to be delivered to Qantas Emplre Airways. It is carrying passengers and mails only as far as Singapore.  AIRMAIL SCHEDULE Nine and a Half Days from London to Sydney Sydney, June 17. It was stated authoritatively to- day by Qantas Empire Airways, Ltd. that, under the flying boat schedule of nine and a half days from London to Sydney, there was provision for a service of three and a half days between Singapore and Sydney. The schedule provided for emergencies in the early stages of the schedule, but the time was ex- pected to improve to seven and a half days when difficulties at pre- sent in evidence were overcome.  THREE DAYS London - Sydney ULTIMATE AIM OF AIR SERVICE LONDON, Thursday. The "Daily Telegraph" says that before long, the nine days now spent on the flight to Sydney will be pain- fully slow. Already, the Dutch have faster times than the British services. It is not fantastic, that with night flying, the time will be reduced to three days. The paper pays tribute to Sir Ross and Sir Keith Smith, Sir Kingsford Smith, Campbell Black, Jean Batten and Clouston as the trail blazers.  FIVE D AYS TO SYDNEY. LONDON AIB SERVICE. ; BRISBANE, August 1. . London will-be brought within five dava of Sydney when the Boyal'Dutch aMine -begins "an additional service bc 'tween" Batavia and Amsterdam at the end of .the jrear.. The company now: operates a four-day service three times a week and will inaugurate a fourth. Night dying will be part of the schedule. On the present -' schedule," reckoning a. little over two days from Batavia to Sydney, the whole trip will occupy five days. . . ; ) ,  LONDON SYDNEY iri FIVE DAYS Dutch Service Extension BRISBANE, Sunday:— Londoff will be brought within five' days of Sydney when the Royal Dutch Airline begins its additional ser vice between Batavia and Amster dam. at the end of the year. The company now operates a four-day service three times weekly, arid and wi'l inaugurale a fourllri Nig;ht flying will be part of the schedule.- On the present schedule, reckcivng a little over two day's from Batavia to Sydney, the whole trip Avill occupy five days. ' - - Mil II  SYDNEY- TO SAIGON IN TWO DAYS LONDON, Thursday. The Hague rmtenynndent . of . "The Times " states : " 'Hie Netherlands -East Indies a/r line In . cooperation with Air Franre fis .opening, -an additional con nexion: to Saigon ( Cochin China) on August 3D. It will then' he possiblo to; (Iff frnm hvrlnnv In fcffO 'dllVS instead oV three weeks by steamer."  Dutch Empire Air Plans Sydney London In Nine Days SYDNEY, Friday. Sydney to London in nine days. That will be the aim of the Dutch air service which is to begin not later than July 1. Details had yet to be completed, the general manager in Australia of the K.L.M. (Meinheer BakRer) said to day, but efforts would be made to. con nect the services at Batavia to main tain a nine-day schedule. The present Empire service takes 13£ days.. Empire flying boat service will take twelve days, to be ? reduced to ten. and, when night flying facilities are in stalled, to seven. The journey from Sydney to Batavia should take from three to 3£ days, depending on the type of machine sel ected. It was likely, he added, that Lock heed super electra planes would bp used, but it was still possible that the D.C-3S. would be chosen.  AMSTERDAM TO SYDNEY IN EIGHT DAYS ? ^ Dutch Air Service ' (Our Special Representative) LONDON, Monday. 1 to Sydney .under the Netherlands flag In eight days,' Is the Amsterdam 'Telegraphs' heading for the opening of the air service. It states that a 'plane will leave Batavla on July 3 after the arrival of a 'plane which will leave Amster dam on June 28. It will reach Sydney on July 5. The 'plane from Sydney on July 7 will leave Batavia on July 8 and reach Amsterdam on July 15. The time of arrival in Sydney is 2.30 pjn. Two passengers for Sydney from Amsterdam have already booked. Two Lockheeds for the service are ready, a third Is en route from Amer ica, and the fourth and fifth are ex pected shortly. Each will carry two pilots, a mechanic, a wireless operator and sometimes a steward.  HIGH FLYING i Bringing London Within Two Days of Sydney High Speed Transports With Special Pressure . ! Cabins •, . SYDNEY, Monday.—"During: the next 10 years high speed trans ports will fly over Empire air routes at altitudes between 20,00b and 35,000 feet," said Air; W. CourtC nay, ex-war pilot and aeronautical correspondent bf the London Even ing Standard, who arrived iii Syd ney at the week-end in the dying Uoat tiajieHa, which brought the first non-surcharged iir mail from Great Britain. ' ' "Special pressure cabins must be •de signed for these machines," added Mr. Courtehay,. "and the British Air (Min ister (Sir Kirigsley Wood) has ordered Specifications for the over weather type carrying'30 passengers and: cruising at 250 miles an hour, '."At these altitudes there fs not much cloud; and it is possible to: fly. in1 air devoid of bumps. "This high' altitude flying will bring London within 'two days of Sydney." The Capella alighted at Rose Bay on Saturday at 5;45 pin. under the com mand ocf Mr. P. Lynch, 'Bloss. ' ■When the 'fiyirig-'boats Caiypse arid Capella departed from : Southampton on July 28 about 114,000 letters left Southairipton "at'thfe" ild. pk-"' half ounce rate, arid" inariy were' delivered along the route. The 'Chiypse and Ca pella flew "■ between 'Southampton and Sytoey iri'8 dajra 2l hours 45 minutes; establishing a hew flying'toda't record; _ AIR MAIL SURCHARGES "SYDNEY," Monday.—The Minister for Defence (Mr. Thonby) 'to-day ex plained that because of the cost of the subsidies arid the heavy capital expense of providing aerodromes and) radio ser vices, .the Government was forced1, to retain : ''the hir-mMT" "surcharges* &s"a partial set-off. However, he added, the bulk of the capital expenditure should be . completed toy the end of next year, arid then the experiditure* should! be principally oh maintenance, and the financial position, including the matter Of' air mail surcharges, would be. re? viewed.  *-.-,-* SYDNEY TO LONDON IN NINE DAYS AIM OF K.L.M. : SYDNEY, Thursday. Sydney to London in nine days will be the endeavor of j the Dutch air service which is to begin not later than July 1. Details had not yet been completed, the general man ager in Australia of K.L.M. (Mr. Barker) said to-day, but efforts would be made to connect with services at Batavia to maintain the nine-day schedule. The journey from Sydney to Batavia, Mr. Barker said, should take from three to three and a half days, depend ing on the type of machine selected, lt was likely that Lockheed Super Electra 'planes would be used, but it was still possible that DC3's would be chosen. If the services could be connected, passengers would be able to join the London 'plane at Batavia to complete the stage of the journey from there on in five and a half days. *-:-,-.-*  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 3J DAYS! Sydney, Thursday. Plans for Hi days' air line service between Sydney and London have been concluded byK.L.M. and K.N.I.L.M. , Dutch airliners. Director Hans Martin said it is hop1 od the service would begin early -in 1041. Douglas machines would be used and each would carry 30 passengers for night flying.  STRATOSPHERE TRAVEL. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TWO DAYS. 'During the next 10 years high speed transports will fly over the Em pire air routes at altitudes between 20,000 and 25,000 feet,' said Mr. W. Courtenay, ex-war pilot and aero nautic correspondent of the London 'Evening Standard,' who arrived iu Sydney on Saturday in the flying boat Capella, which brought the first non-surcharged air mail from Great Britain. 'Special pressure cabins must he designed for these machines,' added Mr. Courtenay, 'and the British Air Miuister, Sir Kingsley Wood, has or dered specifications for an over weather type,, carrying 30 passengers, and cruising at 250 miles an hour. At these altitudes there is not much cloud, and it is possible to fly in air devoid of bumps. Tnis high altitude flying will bring London within two days of Sydney.'  LONDON— SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS LONDON, Sunday: — Quoting the prophecy of the mariag'ng director of the K.L.M. arid K.N.T.L.M. or ganisations (Mr. Albert Plesman) that a three-day London-Sydney service would be in operation by the Dutch in 1941, the "News- Chronicle" announces that Im perial Airway's have a simitar ob jective, for which purpose the air ports en route v/ill be equipped in order to permit regular night flying.  SYDNEY TO SAIGON. Two Days* Flight. LONDON, August 11 . The Times' correspondent at The Hague, says Netherlands East Indies Air Lines, in co-operation with the Air dc France, are opening an addi tional connection to Saigon on August 30. It will then be. possible to fly from Sydney to Saigon In two days, instead of three weeks by steamer.  Flying Boat Service On July 2 : — — ' V L " » T- — " — ; — : — : — SYDNEY-LONDON IN 8 DAYS ON DUTCH LINE COMPANIES ANNOYED AT INTERNAL DELAY J STARTING date of the Singapore-Sydney flying ser-/ vice will probably be July 2 from Singapore and July 5 from Sydney. A Committee will meet in Melbourne today to discuss the date and other details of the service. The K.N.I.L.M. (Royal Netherlands Indies Airways) service will begin from both directions on. July 3, it was announced yester day. The service will be bi-weekly, leaving both terminals every Sun day and Thursday, and occupying one and a half days. This service win bring Sydney within eight days of London. The Empire flying-boats will fly three services a week, on a schedule of 91 days, including two days from Darwin to Sydney. Passenger fares will be about the same with each service— £207 by K.N.I.LM., and £205 by Empire Airways. The Dutch line will not carry mails, however, from Australia, but will bring out malls, as well as passengers and freights. lid Mail Rate Mr A. H. Berts, K.NJJLM. repre?enta- tive in Australia, said that it was not expected that the Dutch planes would carry any considerable amount of Eng lish mail to Australia. The first-class airmail rate from England to Sydney will be lid per half-ounce, and from Sydney to Eng land, 5d, including 3d surcharge. Local air companies are awaiting with Impatience a decision on internal distri bution of overseas malls. This matter, was left to a depart mental committee, consisting of repre sentatives of the Treasury, the Civil Aviation Board, and the Postmaster- General's Department. Feeder Services This committee was not called together, however, until last week. The Minister for Defence (Mr. Thorby) announced yesterday that malls for Ade laide and Perth would be flown by feeder services direct from Darwin to those cities. He could not say when those ser vices would be organised. The MacRobertson line already flies airmails direct, from Darwin to Perth, and, it was reported yesterday, coultl almost immediately convert its- service Into a thrice-weekly service. Mr. H, M. Smith, managing director of Guinea Airways, Ltd., which conducts a direct service between Darwin ana Adelaide, said last night:— "We can meet every flying-boat at Darwin, and take the mails as many times a week as they like." Mails By Train Until feeder services are arranged, mails for Adelaide and Melbourne may continue to go on by train, as they do at present, from Cootamundra. The suggestion that a surcharge of 3d be paid by senders who wish their mail to be forwarded from Darwin was stated last night to be most unlikely. :It . has never been' discussed, by -Cabinet. . Further, by reciprocal agreement, mail surcharges are taken by the country of origin— the Commonwealth G.P.O. would not collect it. Postal regulations lay down that air mail charges cover transmission by all airmail services in Australia necessarily used in the conveyance of the article to or from the point of contact with the AustraUa-Singanore-EnKland service. Equipment Difficulty Mr. Thorby said yesterday that the Civil Aviation Department was concen trating on completing the organisation of an air service between Darwin and Sydney; ' One of the main difficulties was that of obtaining the necessary equipment. This inoluded wireless and meteorolo gical apparatus and beacons. Building construction, bJso, was being carried out at a time when the archi tectural branch was under heavy pres sure of . work from the Defence Depart ment. Everything, however, was being done to reorganise Internal air services as quickly as possible. Mr. Thorby added th«t he was defin itely opposed to night flying on the internal air services. "Mania For Speed" "It is quite unnecessary, and may only lead to the sacrifice of valuable lives," he said. "We cut weeks off the travelling time for overseas mails, and now some people want a few more seconds cut off. "This mania for speed can be over done. "Air services are quite fast enough for all flying to be done by daylight. All aerodromes would, however, be prepared for emergency night landings, Mr. Thorby added. The Postmaster-General (Senator Mc- Lachlan) is, on the other hand, a strong advocate of night flying, and visualises the ultimate flying of the majority of in land malls by night.  FIVE DAYS FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY BRISBANE. Ji.lv ni. London will be brought within fivp days of Sydney when the Royal JJuteli Airline begins an additional service be twrcn Datavia and Amsterdam at the end of the jcar. The company now operates; a four-day eervico three fimrs weekly and will inaugural a fourth. Night Hying will |.e part of the schedule. On the present schedule , rcckouinz a little over two dnys from Biitavia to Sydney, the whole trip will occupy five days.  STRATOSPHERE TRAVEL. "Coming Trend." SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TWO DAYS. BY OUR AVIATION CORRESPONDENT "During the next 10 years high-speed transports will fly over the Empire, air routes at altitudes between 20,000 and 25,000 feet." said Mr. W. Courtenay, ex war pilot and aeronáutica] correspon- dent of the London "Evening Stan- dard," who arrived in Sydney on Satur- day in the flying-boat Capella, which brought the first non-suhcharged air mail from Great Britain "Special piessurc cabins must be designed lor these machines," added Mr. Courtenay, "and the British Air' Minister, ' Sir Kingsley Wood, has ordered specifications for an over weather type, carrying 30 passengers, and cruising ,at 250 miles an horn. At these altitudes 'there Is not much cloud, and It is possible to fly in i-ir devoid of bumps. This high altitude flying will bring London within two days of Sydney." Mi. Courtenay said thal Sir kingsley Wood teiilised the impórtame of civil aviation, and had made plans for the production of high- speed British air linois to catch up on ihe severe lag He had blown like a fiesh brce7e across the stagnant waters of British civil aviation. Mr. Courtenay, who files his own light ali - craft, was the only aeronautical correspondent invited to place evidence, before the icccnt Cadman Committee of Inquiry into Civil Avia- tion. Among his suggestions was a mission to i. ; United Stales, a compiehenslve plan foi the training of pilots, provided they would serve their country in a national emergency, and a concentration on high altitude machines. The De Havilland 1)5, Great Britain's answer to the Lockheed M (the type used by Guinea Airways between Adelaide and Darwin and by tin Dutch between Batavia and Sydney), would bo flying next summer, said Mr. Cour- tenay. These machines would carry 12 to l8 passengers, according lo lange, at a-cruising speed of 215 miles an hour. The keels had been laid for three flying-boats, with an all-up weight of 78,0001b They hod been designed by Short Bros, for Atlantic services. It would appear that no passengers would be carried across the Atlanlicby air until 1940. The Capella alighted at Rose Bay on Saturday at 5.45 p.m. under the command of Mr. 'P. Lynch-BlosS. Two flying-boats, the Calypso and the Capella departed &lt; from Southampton on July 28. About 114,000 let- ters left Southampton at the lid per half ounce rate, and many were delivered along the route. The Calypso and Capella flew be- tween Southampton and Sydney in'8 days 21 hours 45 minutes, establishing a new flying boat record. The'incoming mails Included letters from H.M. the King to the Acting Governor-General of Australia and to the Governor-General of New Zealand.  JTVE DAYS TO SYDNEY. LONDON ABB SERVICE. ; BRI8BASTE, August 1. London will be brought n-ithin fivp (Says of Sydney when the Boyal Dutch airlioe begins an additional service bc~ 1ween Batavia and Amsterdam at the end of the year. The company now operates a four-day service three times a weelc and will inaugurate a fourth. Night flying Trill be part of the schedule. On the present schedule, reckoning a little over two days from Baiavia to Sydney, the whole trip -will occupy five days.  SYDNEY-LONDON, 5 DAYS Dutch Plans ' For New . Air Service London will be brought within five days of Sydney when the K.N.M.L. (Royal Dutch Air Lines') beteins an additional service between Batavia and if Amsterdam at the end of this |* year. - ?, k The company at present operates a '!f four-day service between Amsterdam if; and Batavia, three times a week, and if will inaugurate a fourth service. si Night flying will be part of the !g schedule, and the whole trip will occupy )a two days. Douglas machines, now em- -l ployed on that service, probably will be !*' Reckoning on the present K.N.I.L.M, $ schedule of a little over two days' gross i! time i'or the Batavia— Sydney flight, |( the new service will enable London, or « any other European capital in a short '; radius of Amsterdam, to be reached 'i from Sydney in five days. [§ Rabaul — Sydney Trip | Popular | Residents in various parts of New v Guinea, well used to air travel there, k are taking advantage of the weekly !i service from Rabaul to Sydney so !i readily that passengers passing R through Brisbane yesterday in the i? Carinthia strongly advocated a bi- \l weekly service. The machines arej p almost alwavs full. . *J One business man, wno travels be tween Sydney and Wau at intervals of several months, said it was necessary to book many weeks ahead to secure a seat in the eight-passenger D.H. 88 machines used. Travellers flew from all parts of New Guinea to Salamaua or Port Moresby to board the air liner.  London To Sydney in 'O &Ju-vs ^ LONDON, Thursday. It is not fantastic to say that, with night-flying, the air journey between England and Sydney could be reduced from nine days to three, says the 'Daily Telegraph' in a leading article today. Before long, the article says, the nine days now spent on the flight will be painfully slow. The Dutch service, it is pointed out, is already beating the British schedule times. The article concludes with tributes to Ross Smith, Kingsford Smith, T. Campbell Black, Jean Batten and A. E. Clouston as trail-blazers.  NEW AIR LINK Sydney to Saigon in Two Days LONDON, August it. The HIague correspondent of ''The Times" says that the Royal Netherlands Indies' Air Lines, in cooperation with Air,'France. will open an additional 'con nection to Saigon (French Cochin Chinn) on August 30. It will then bhe possible to fly from Sydney to Saigon in two :lays, instead of making a three weeks' trip by steam. Berlin to New York Non-stop B ERLIN. August 11. A four-engined _monoplane of the Deutsche' Lufthanlsa air line. with a. crew of four, took off. secretly on a non-stop flight to New York at 1.53 p.m..last night, to pave. the way foar a regular ser vice. At 8 a.m. to-dav- they sent a wire less message that all. was well. Their position was 'not given.  SYDNEY TO ENGLAND IN 3 DAYS "The Sun" Cable Service LONDON, Sunday; Imperial Airways, says the "News-Chronicle," plans to work up to a three-day ser vice between Sydney and England. This, it says, will be possible when all airports on the route are equip ped to permit regular night flying This statement follows one- made In London on Friday, by Mr. Albert Plesman managing director of the Dutch lines, K.L.M. and KJM.I.LM., that a three-day service would be possible with their existing machines if ground facilities for night flying were available. He said he expected such a ser vice to be operating in 1941.  HIGH SPEEDS AT HIGH LEVELS London To Sydney In Two Days AVIATION FORECAST SYDNEY, August 7. "In the next 10 years high speed transports will cover tho Empire air routes at altitudes between 20,000ft.,and 25,000ft.," said Mr. W. Courtney, aero- nautical correspondent of the "Evening Standard," London, and former wnr pilot, who arrived In Sydney today in the flying boat Capella, which brought the first non-surcharged air'mall from Great Britain. "Special pressure cabins must.be de- signed for these machines," added Mr. Courtney. "The British Air Minister (Sir Kingsley Wood) has ordered spe- cifications for a type carrying 30 pas- sengers and cruising at 250 miles an hour. At these altitudes there is not much cloud, and it is possible to fly in air devoid bf bumps. This hlgh-altl tude flying will bring London within two days of Sydney." The Capella alighted at Rose Bay at 5.45 p.m., having flown between South- ampton and Sydney in Sd. 21h. 45m.-a flying boat record. .  AIR MAIL SURCHARGE TO REMAIN "FOR PRESENT' Full Details Of Agreement SUBSIDY OF £40,000 Sydney To London In 7½ Days CANBERRA, June 28. Full details of the Empire flying boat air-mai agreement between Britain and Australia were revealed tonight. The Bill, which will be submitted to the House of Representatives tomorrow, will provide for the retention "for the pre sent' of a surcharge on outward air mail from Australia, and for effective Com monwealth control over the Sydney- Singapore section of the route. The Commonwealth subsidy of £40,000 (stg.) a year minimum will be paid to Qantas-Empire Airways, Ltd., but shall not exceed £50,000. The subsidy pay ment will be increased beyond £40,000 to this maximum by 8/ a lb. for each Ib. of mail originating in Australia or its territories in excess of 40,000 Ib. The agreement also provides for a payment by the Commonwealth to Qantas-Empire Airways of 16/- (stg.) for the carriage of each lb. of mail originating in Australia or its territories, providing that the annual amount thus paid is not less than £32,000 or more than £52.000. It is provided that the frequency of the service in Australia shall not be less than three times weekly and. if in creased frequency becomes necessary, the Commonwealth will not be involved in any additional payment. Australian Personnel The ultimate total liability of the Commonwealth in respect of ground or ganisation is not to exceed £30,000 a year. It is provided that the Australian sec tion will be staffed by Australian per sonnel and that Qantas-Empire Air ways shall at all times have six approved aircraft available for the service An important feature of the agree ment is that all aircraft engaged on the Australian section shall be at the call of the Government in case of emergency, and all aircraft on the London-Singa pore section will, in these circumstances, be at the call of the British Government. If within two years the performance of the flying boats is considered un satisfactory, the position will be re viewed by an advisory board, which will be set up in London to supervise the scheme generally and will comprise re presentatives of the Dominion and Colo nial Governments participating in the scheme and the Governments of India and the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. The agreement provides for a progres sive reduction in the time schedule from England to Sydney down to an eventual schedule of 74 days. Provision Of Planes The Commonwealth has reserved tbe right to undertake major repair work 'and overhauls of Qantas aircraft in Australia, and also the right to con struct new aircraft in Australia, pro vided that this work is within the capacity of the Australian aircraft in dustry at the time. If this construc tion entails any additional cost to Qantas the difference will be paid by the Commonwealth- The first schedule of the agreement provides that the Commonwealth will not reduce its subsidy payments to the Orient Line because of the transfer of! mails to the air service, although it reserves the right to modify existing arrangements if and when it considers such a step necessary. Details of the ground organisation to be provided on the Australian sec tion are also included in the schedule. These include provision of suitable landing areas equipped with all essen tial aids to navigation, such as direc tion finding wireless, wireless bea cons, meteorological services, airport and route lighting, motor control boats equipped with searchlights, auxiliary launches, and mooring buoys. Regarding calls at the Netherlands East Indies', the Commonwealth agrees to reimburse Qantas-Empire Airways for the amount of duty paid on fuel and oil in that territory, but no respon sibility is incurred in respect of Singa pore. Hiffht Of Withdrawal The agreement is to operate for 15 years from the date of its inception— from August 3—but either party has the right to withdraw if it considers the arrangement unsatisfactory and incap able of adjustment. An interesting sidelight of today's de cision to ratify the Bill before the winter recess is contained in a provision stat ing that the agreement snail nave no force or effect until authorised by the Commonwealth Parliament. When the scheme comes into operation on August 3 the present Brisbane-Singapore ser vice will be terminated automatically. Should the flying-boats be deemed unsatisfactory at any time the contrac tor will be required to provide new ma chines on notice of not less than six months, and if this condition is not met the contract with the company mar be terminated. Stopping places on the Australian section will be:—Singapore, Batavia. Sourabaya. Buna. Koepang. Darwin, Groote Island, Karumba. Townsville, Gladstone. Brisbane and Sydney, and provision is made for increasing or de creasing this number. All first-class mail from 1^ will be carried by the air service for the lid. fiat rate. An important detail of the subsidy and mail payments is that each monthly payment shall average a minimum oj £6,000 (stg.), plus 24/ (stg.) for each lb. weight by which the average monthly load exceeds 333 1-3 lb. weight. It is provided, however, that the total of monthly payments made shall not average more than £8.500 (stg.). The contract provides for deductions of payments in the cases of unper formed trips or late arrivals, and the commencement of trips without mails is prohibited. Mails Have Preference Other clauses of the agreement make it obligatory for the company to carry passengers and goods according to the accommodation available. Mails, how ever, are to have first preference and in no circumstances may the contrac tor refuse to take any mails which are available. Should the flying-boats break down at any tinu\ the contractor must ar range for the expeditious delivery of mails at his own expense. In the clauses relating to personnel It is provided that pilots must not act !as ground engineers, or vice versa. Each plane is to carry two pilots, a wireless operator and navigator, al though one member may act in the dual capacity of pilot and navigator. I The Empire air-mail flying-boats are prohibited !rom being used for joy rining flishts. The Bill to ratify the agreement con sists of only four clauses, the whole, in cluding the preamble, occuDying less lhan 20 lines. The remainder of the document is taken up by the schedules ! | j ! KOBE.—The 20.000-ton whaler Kyokmyo Maru and 10 catcher boats were launched yesterday.  "LONDON TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS" LONDON, Thursday— The "Daily Telegraph' ' in a leader on air mall developments, says: Before long the- nine days spent in reaching Syd- ney from London will be painfully slow. Already the Dutch are beat ing the scheduled times of the British company, and it Is not jiantastic to loreoast that wltn night flying the journey could tie reduced t'a three days. The newspaper pays tribute to Sir Keith and Sir Ross Smith, Sir « Charles Kingsford Smith. C. W. A. Scott, Campbell Black, Jean Batten, and A. E. Clugston as trail-blazera.  Sydney To Saigon In Two Days LONDON. August 11. The Hague correspondent of The Times" reports that the Netherlands East Indies Air Lines in co operation with Air France, will open an additional connection with Saigon, French Indo china, on August 30. It will then be possible to fly from Sydney to Saigon in two days. The journey by steamer takes three weeks.  OVERSEAS AIR MAIL LONDON-SYDNEY SCHEDULE. Reduction of Two Days Later. SYDNEY, June 17.-It was stated offi cially by Qantas Empire Airways, Ltd.. today that under the flying boat schedule of nine and a half days from London to Sydney there was provision for a service of three and a half days between Singa pore and Sydney. The schedule, it was stated, provided for emergencies likely to occur in the early stages of the service. but when initial diffculties had been overcome it was proposed to reduce the schedule from nine and a half days from London to Sydney to eight and a half days, and later to seven and a half days. The difficulties at present were largely in respect to the British section of the route and these were being steadily over come. Qantas did not anticipate any extraordinary difficulties on the Singa pore to Sydney section of the route, which it will control in co-operation with Im perial Airways, Ltd. Imperial Airways will control the section from London to Singapore. The managing-director of Qantas Air- ways (Mr. Hudson Fysh). referring to the statement of the Minister for Defence (Mr. Thorby) in Parliament on Tuesday night, said that his company was not re sponsible for the construction of air bases in Australia, and whether they were of a temporary or permanent character was entirely the responsibility of the Aus trallan and British Governments. His company, he said, was responsible only for the facilities for loading and unload ing passengers and freight Mr. Fysh said that when the tri-weekly flying boat service was in full operation in August there would be ample accom modation in the flying boats for all mall matter sent from New Zealand to Sydney for transit to London by air mail. The New Zealand malls would be brought to Sydney by ship pending the commence ment of the trans-Tasnan flying boat service. With the ltd. per half-ounce flat rate on first-class mall matter from London to Australia, large demands would be made on the accommodation for flying boats coming to Australia, he said, but with the higher rate of 5d. per half-ounce on first-class mall matter from Australia to England it was expected that there will be more than sufficient accommoda tion for the mails from New Zealand.  London— Sydney in Three Days Probable by 1940, Is Prediction Of Dutch Air-Line Officials ANOTHER RECORD MAY BE ADDED TO FINE CAREER [From Ron Boland, a member of 'The Mail' and 'The News' staff, at present in London) By Air Mail. LONDON, [une 30. London within three days of Australia! That is the possibility by 1940 or 1941, if the con fident predictions made to me by air authorities a- Schipol Airport (Amsterdam) yesterday come true. T WAS the only newspaperman Irom -*- London to see the first plane on the new Amsterdam-Batavia-Sydney service leave Schipol. Now the KJL.M. (Royal Dutch Air Lines) and its sister company (K.N.LL.M.) have this ser vice running smoothly to Sydney twice a week, so there is no need to write anything about the actual flight. Instead, let us mix with the officials and 200 interested Hollanders, women and children, gathered at the airport in the dawn to 'see the departure of the plane, aptly named Emoe (Dutch for emu). Let us join in -their en thusiastic air talk and discover how really air-minded are these Dutch people. 'There Is only one thing stopping our planes now from flying to Sydney in three or four days.' one high K.L.M. official told me. 'That is night flying facilities. But they will come. Our new D.C.-4's may be on the route by 1939 or 1940, and after that there should be sufficient night flying facilities for us to run through in three days.' As the Emoe circled the Schipol field and then headed across the windmills and fields bright with the newly flowered tulips and crocuses, another official said to me: — 'It was another bird plane, the Pelikaan, that first showed us how close Australia could be. Five years ago the Pelikaan flew from Amsterdam to Batavia in four days and four hours, and back'in the same time. Then Par mentier and Moll, in the Melbourne air race, dashed through to Melbourne in iust over three days. 'With the improvement of ground organisations, our planes will fly by day and night on the Australian run. Our Dilots have studied nisrht flvincr in America, and have been given -lher special instructions. They have had experience in night flying on some European routes, so we should be able to cut down the journey between Amsterdam and Batavia ultimately to as little as 2^ days.' At present the Lockheeds of K.N.I.L.M. carry on the service from Batavia to Sydney via Cloncurry and Longreach. In October, when some K.L.M. planes are ireed from the sum mer European service, the service will run right through from Amsterdam to Sydney, I was told. Imagine what that will mean. Thir teen thousand miles in three days, an average of a little more than 4,000 miles a day. You will leave London, fog bound and cold. As if fitted with gigantic seven-league boots, you will Bash over Budapest. Athens, Alex andria, Bagdad, Karachi, Calcutta, Ran goon, Singapore, Darwin . . . and arrive in Sydney needing cool, sum mery clothes to replace the raincoat and thick suit you had brought on to the plane three days earlier. There are now three K1.M. D.C.-3's Jying to Batavia a week, but only two planes are going on weekly to Sydney. Thus a dream of KL.M. is coming true. It has been a dream visioned for many years, and those at Schipol Airport know it must be fulfilled. Officials sitting in the little old build ing that 18 years ago saw one plane :arry one passenger a day to London, waved their hands at the magnificent administrative offices, hangars, work -hops, restaurants, and equipment that low makes Schipol one of the busiest lirports in the world. As huge Douglas machines arrived at short intervals, they said: — 'All this has lappened in 18 years. We must ex sect just as much progress in the next few years.' Instead of the oneplaneonepassen ger achievement of 1920, Schipol Air port last week placed on record a one day's traffic business of 686 passengers. With the inauguration of the Amster dam-Sydney service K.L.M. planes in 3ne day now carry the K.L.M. flag over 24 nations and a distance of six times the circumference of the earth. One hundred and 25 cities in Europe alone may be reached from Holland in the one day. There are eight services a day to London, three each to Paris, Berlin, and Copenhagen, two to Stock holm, two to Prague, 11 to inland towns, and a daily run to Brussels, Hamburg, Milan, Frankfort, Home, Liverpool, and Manchester and a night service to Cologne. For such an organisation, Schipol has had to become one of the best-equipped airports in the world. Picturesquely situated amid green fields and between two small canals, Schipol covers about one square mile. It was reclaimed from swamp land, and this accounts for the absence of any obstructions round the field. It is about four miles out of Amsterdam. Municipally Owned In this well-nigh self-contained com munity I was shown the workshops complete with every modern equip ment in which engineers are continu ously working on new devices. Huge Douglas machines undergoing repairs or being overhauled dwarfed me in the huge maintenance shops. I saw planes winging down on to the concrete run aways which are 1,000 yards' in length. Eight fixed floodlights were standing ready for night operations. It was curious to learn that the air port is ^municipally owned and con trolledT^nd that the radio station, R-hich is-about a mile from the airport, is owned and operated by the Govern ment. However, everything is work ing smoothly. The smooth running of everything in Dutch aviation has mainly been re sponsible for this great progress. It is noteworthy that K-L.M.'s passenger figures have risen from 345 in its first year of operation 18 years ago to 120,577 last year. In all it has carried nearly a million passengers and it has the record of being the oldest existing aviation com pany in the world.  FLYING BOAT TIMES WILL BE LOWERED Sydney To London In 7½ Days Contemplated SYDNEY, June 17. It was stated officially by Qantas Empire Airways Ltd. today that under the flying boat schedule of nine and a half days from London to Sydney there was provision for a service of three and a half days between Singa pore and Sydney. The schedule, it was stated, provided for emergencies likely to occur In the early stages cf the service, but when initial difficulties bad been overcome it was proposed to reduce the schedule; from, nine and a half days from lon-! don to Sydney to eight and a half days and later to seven and a half days. The difficulties at present were largely in respect of the British sec tion of the route, and these v.ere being steadily overcome. j Qantas did not expect any extra-, ordinary difficulties on the Singapore to! Sydney section of the route, which tt would control in co-operation with Im perial Airways Ltd. Imperial Airways Ltd. would control the section from Lon don to Singapore The managing director of Qantas &nbsp; Airways (Mr. Hudson Fysh), referring Ito the statement of the Minister lor , Defence (Mr. Ttiorby) in Parliament on Tuesday night, said that his company , was not responsible for the construe - ition of sir bares in Australia, and {whether they were of a temporary or [permanent character was entirely the responsibility of the Australian and British Governments. His company, he said, was responsible only for the laea 'litiw. for loadins and unloading pas ! sencers and freieht. Mr. Hudson Fysh said that when the thrice-weekly firing boat service was m full orwratfon in August, there would be ample accomirodation in the Sying ! boats for all mail matter sent from I New Zealand to Svdner for transit to London by air mail. The New Zealand mails would bp brought to Sydney by shiD pending the commencement of the 'trans-Tasman flying boat service. He !sak). With the Ud. per half cunce flat rate on first class mafl matter from London to Australia, large demands would be made on the accommodation of flying boats coming to Australia. hs said, but with the higher rate of Sd. per half ounce on first class mail mat ter from Australia tc England, it war expected that there would be more th?n sufScfent accommodation for the mails from New Zealand. J  THREE-DAYS LONDON SYDNEY SERVICE. Imperial Airways Plans. LONDQN, July 17. Quoting the prophecy of the mon aging director of the IK.L.M. and KIC.N.I.L.M. organlsations (Mr. Albert Plesman) that a three-day London-Sydney service would be :n operation by the Dutch in 1941, the "News-Chronicle" announces that Imperial Airways have a similar ob jective, for which purpose the air Dorts en route will be equipped in order to permit regular night fly ing.  London to Sydney by Air in Three Days LOXDOK. .Tilly 17. Quoting Ule prophecy that a tlnec âny Low/Jon lo r»ydn&lt;?v service would lip. operative in IOU, ihe "Nows Clironiolc" announces tint Imperial Airways luive n 6imilar oliieetive, fm wliicli airports en route will lie equip- ped in order to permit rehilar nîgîii flying.  London-Sydney in 5 Days. BRISBANE, July 31. London will be brought within five days of Sydney when the Royal Dutch Airline begins an additinnal service between Batavia and Amsterdam at the end of the year. The company now oper ates a four-day service three times weekly and will ineupurate a fourth. Night-flying will be part of the schedule. On the pre sent schedule it is expected a little over two days will elapse for the journey from Batavia to Sydney. The whole journey will occupy five days.  Future Air Lanes In Stratosphere London To Sydney In Two Days SYDNEY, August 8. During the next 10 years high-speed transporta will fly over Empire air routes at altitudes between 20,000 and 3.",000 feet, said Mr W. Courtenay, for. mer war pilot and aeronautical corres- pondent of thc London " Evening Standard,'" who arrived in Sydney on Saturday in tile flying Itoat Capella, which brought thc first non-surcharged air mail from Great Britain. Special pressure cabins must he de- signed for these machines, added Mr Courtenay, and the British Air Minister (Sir Kingsley Wood) had ordered spe- cifications for nn over-wcather type carrying 30 passengers and cruising at 210 miles an hour. At these altitudes there is not much cloud and it is possible to fly in air devoid of bumps. This high altitude flying will bring London within two days of Sydney. The Capella alighted at Kose Bay on Saturday at li.4ü p.m. under the com- mand of Mr P. Lynch Bloss, The flvinß boats Oulypsn and Capello departed from Southampton on duly 28 About 114.000 letters left South smpton at thc lld. per half-ounce rate, any many were delivered along the route. Thc Calypso and Capella flew be- tween Southampton and Sydney in 8 days 2] hours 45 minutes, establishing a new flying boat record. AIR HAILS DUE TODAY. BRISBAKE, August 8. The Postal Department advises that the air mails which left Southampton by the Empire flying Iwats on July 20 and .30 are due at. Brisbane at 12.16 p.m. ti morrow. The air mails ordinarily due at Darwin on August 7 have been delayed for a day. NEW ENGINE FOR CALYPSO. KOEPANG, Aujust 8. The Qantas flying boat, Calponia, brought a new engine and a mechanic from Singapore to Binia for the dam- aged alypso. After thc repairs have been effected thc Chlypso will return to Singapore.  Sydney To London In Nine Days —DUTCH AIR SERVICE SYDNEY, Thursday. — Sydney to London in nine days! That will be the endeavor of the Dutch Air Service, which is to begin not later than July 1. 1 Details had yet to be completed, the general manager in Australia of K.L.M. (Mr Bakkcr) said today, but efforts would be made to connect services at Batavin to maintain the nine-day schedule. Tho present Empire service takes 13V(j (days. The Empire flying boat service will take 12 days to be reduced to 10, when night-flying facilities ore installed to 7 days, The journey from Sydney to Batavia, Mr Barker said, should take from three to three and a half days, depending on the type of machine selected. It was likely that Lockheed Super Electra planes would be used, but it was still possible that D.C. 3's would be chosen. The Lockheed. would carry 10 passengers and the other machines ; 21. If the services could be connected, passengers would be able to join the London plane at Bntnvia to complete the stage of the journey from there on in 5 Vfc days. Melbourne was not included in the proposed itinerary. Sydney would be the terminus and from Brisbane on the Qontas route would be followed.  DUTCH AIR LINE TO BE RESTRICTED Competition With Local Services Forbidden SYDNEY-LONDON IN EIGHT DAYS CANBERRA, June 17. The Dutch air service, which will be extended from Batavia to Sydney soon will not be permitted to carry passengers or mails between Australian towns in competition with Australian companies. The Dutch would be restricted to the carriage of overseas mails and pas sengers, the Minister for Defence CMr Thorby) said today. The first of the Empire flying boats, Ihe said, was expected to arrive at Syd ijieyon July 5. The first outward flying I boat would leave the next day  IN NINE DAYS Dutch Hopes For London Flight SYDNEY, February 8. From Sydney to London in nine days will be the endeavour of the butch air service, which is to begin not later than July 1. The Empire service takes 135 days, but the Empire flying boat service will Improve considerably on that time.  ,,, .pOreH'-^AiR:);^.' ,. SERVgE Sydiiey tci Loridbn ih Eight Day® ; ' ?f SYDNEY, Tuesday. . The schedule for the. Dutch 'plane service ? from 'Sydney to London pro vides for the Journey , to be .covered in eight days: The -fare , - is now i; £207. Five new' Lockheed Super ? Electra machines have been ordered for -the service, which will begin in July. - . !No outward. Australian) 'irtdil'. ^^will be taken. - ' % ' * . ?'  FIVE DAYS FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY Additional Service By Royal Dutch Airlines BRISBANE, July 31. Loudon will be brought within Ave days of Sydney when the Royal Dutch Airline begins an additional service be- tween Batavia «nd Amsterdam at the end of the year. The company now operates a four-day service three times i weekly and will inaugurate a fourth. Night Hying will be part of the schedule. (In the present schedule, reckoning a little over two days from Batavia to I Sydney, thc whole trip will occupy five i days.  LONDON - SYDNEY IN NINE DAYS AIM OF K.L.M. AIRLINE According to the general manager of the KIjM. Airline, Mr. Bakker. it Is the aim of the company to operate a nine davs' service between London and Sydney when the present ser vice from Holland to Batavla Is ex tended to Australia. The schedule provides for a service of not more than three and a half days from Sydney to Batavla. Tho possibilities are that Douglas D-C3's, similar to Airlines of Aus tralia's Kyllla, will be used on the service. These machines arc being built under licence In Holland by the famous aircraft manufacturer, Mr. Anthony Fokker.  AIRMAIL SCHEDULE Nine and a Half Days from London to Sydney Sydney, June 17. It was stated authoritatively to day by Qantas Empire Airways, Ltd. that, under the flying boat schedule of nine and a half days from London to Sydney, there was provision for a service of three and a half days between Singapore and Sydney. The schedule provided for emergencies in the early stages of the schedule, but the time was ex pected to improve to seven and a half days when difficulties at pre sent in evidence were overcame.  Sydney-London in Nine Days SYDNEY, Thursday. From Sydney to London in nine days will be the endeavour of the Dutch air service, which is to begin not later than July 1. Details had yet to be completed, the general manager in Australia of K.L.M. (Mr. Barker) said to day, but efforts would be made to connect services at Batavia to maintain the nine-day schedule. The present Empire service takes 131/2 days. The Empire fly ing boat service will improve con siderably on that time.  [?] IpCiN '^tBNEV A the Future 1 ?' ? 1 ? 'yiiitinriW. The 'Dally Telegtaph'' in a leader so-ys thfit: before, lbn^'-the- nine days how fipent jori the ' flight to Sydney will be painfully siow. , ? Already the Dutch :afo beating, the 'Sbhedule times of British Bervlces., It ' would not be f fantastic to fore cast-that With night flying the ttm* would be reduced to tliWe days  A Bookseller Goes to Sea 'Seven Days Hard,' by Sydney Parkmaa (Hodder &. Stouchton Ltd* London). Onr copy from W. S. Smart, 'Sydney. ^MYOME knowing quiet good natured Arthur Orpen would never have suspected that this appa rently spineless little bookseller would in me space ox .seven aays nave:— Cheeked Ms boss, thereby en suring nis dismissal; ?'?' Put to sea in an open boat; -. Saved ids life by a wild leap ., when run down in the Channel; :, Battled; with a rough-handed ' trim i fieri ? .? ? ' Fought With the Government forces in Spain; and Made a daring escape in a small boat.' ?'?-??? ???????;??;-. . ? !, ....... ????- ' But tiiat is exactly what didtappen to the hero of Sydney Parkman's lat est -adventure story,: and' in pleasing narrative form Mr, Parkman takes you step1 by $tep through tribulation, humiliation, retaliation, precipitation, compulsion, battle, - and salvation in the seven days that made up Arthur's crowded week. In doing so he does not . let the interest flag one iota, despite the fact that apart from the beginning there is no romantic' inte- rest. RINGED WITH ADVENTURE It is really a well-thought-out study of a man's soul developing in the tur moil of everyday life, but so ringed with adventure that even ttie most bloodthirsty will find plenty to keep them interested. It all began because Arthur's 'girl -friend' Gladys quarrelled with him over which picture they should see. But for that he would .not have been in an unpleasant frame of mind. the next morning, would, not have answered back to the sales manager, and would not have gone to Hastings for his holiday on ttie 1day that lie did. And so, following the sequent*, he would never have been launched on the sea of adventure 4hat he en countered. But it meant iihe salva* tion of the bookseller's soul: . . TOLD GRAPHICALLY - Mr. Parkman tells his tale graphi cally. He keeps you thrilled with the adventures on the gunrunner which picks up. Arthur and'. enthralled by his . account of ttie. fighting., in Spain. . And ttie story flows so easily that' anyone picking up tins book will lie loth to put it' down. The climax, too, is a fitting one, and I am sure, that no one will say that Arthur was nqt justified in the step that he took when he returned once more to London. This is a thoroughly enjoyable story. , . THE PLOT THAT FADES 'The Affairs of Patricia,'' by ? May Christie (Hodder A Stougb-. ton Ltd., London). Oar copy from W. S. Smart, Sydney. AS the title indicates, this some-' what brief novel Is all about ttie affairs of one Patricia — surname Dar lington—who, between a mother, al ways hard up and not over scrupulous in her dodges to raise money, and an unsatisfactory lover, manages .to achieve some very uncomfortable mo ments. Patricia, urged on by her mother, endeavors to induce Gary Glendenning to propose to her, but in the midst or all the scheming and parties where the champagne flows freely, Gary re ceives news that the oil wells from which his wealth, has come have been blown up. By a coincidence both he and Patricia have been offered con tracts at Hollywood, and both' decide to try their fortunes there. Meanwhile, another girl, who com pletes the triangle, has not yet lost her hold of Gary, and she, too, takes a trip to Hollywood. Here, Patricia meets a. charming young man draw ing a fortune as a song composer, and for quite, a time her affairs are even more mixed than usual. , There is opportunity here for the authoress to bring off a really worth while denouement, but the plot fades, and although everyone is happy — or apparently so— the climax leaves a fiat feeling. Incidentally, Gary is an unreal figure, neither hero nor vil lain; in fact, his character is so sketchily depicted that he becomes a thoroughly unsatisfactory personality. But for these two weaknesses the story is quite up to the standard set by May Christie. . m« ......... m ??.?????? ? ??????? mttntii niti iuwntiti nm n i nttti mi inn in mi 1 1 n mil I in 'The Dog In Sport,' by /. Wentworth Day (Geo. G. Harrap & Co. Ltd.) is reviewed at the bottom of the following page.  QUTCH AJR SERVICE SYDNEY TO LONDON IN EIGHT DAYS ? - SYDNEY, Monday. - The sphedul? for the Dutch plane I service from Sydney to London pro vides for the 'journey to be covered in eight days. The fare is now £207. Five new, Lockheed Super EJectra machines have been ordered for the service, which will begin in July. No outward Australian mail will be taken.  I DUTCH/ AIRLINE'S PLANS. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 3i_DAYS. New Douglas Planes. BY OUR AVÍATION OORÍIESPONDENT Mr tíans Martin, general manager oí Royal öiitcii Ahways (K.L.M.) Am- sterdam-Batavia service, said on Satur- day that schedules had been prepared for a three and a half days' air Joui'hoy from London to Sydney, and that it would be put into operation early In 1941. Mr. Martin, who arrived in Sydney by a ftoyal Netherlands ltiaios Airways (¡X.N.I.L.M.) plane, sala that, pUjvtdtag dight tests proved satisfactory, the tC.L.lvi Would purchase 11 oi the now ÜoiigUs D.C.4 álrtíraít tor Its service between London and Batavia. Àlthbugh the Douglas factdi'y had hot yet placed a purchase price on the D.C.4, they would urobabiv cost about £50,000 each. The K.L.WL wbUid fly the new air liners, Which crul&oa at 203 Hillbs an 'lour, between Amsterdam and Batavia, In two a:.d half days, and arrangements would probably be made by its sister company: the K.N.i.L.M.. to fly on lo Sydney In a day, PfcEëâURÈl CABÍN. Tho Dolittlflii D.0,4 air lli.erb would dcpari hohl Ariialei'dátó l.t 11 p.m., landing for the first time tit Athens, vvhero the jiüds would be repläcfetl by ehàlrs. , öasra woUid be the next stop, anú the machines' w'oüi'd arrive, at Karachi 24 hours out. The i.ther landing places before àwivljig at Batavia would be Rangoon ahd 8ing6,bpro. "An advantage oí the D.D.4 type will be Its pressure cabin," said Mr. Martin. "It will cruise aloiig the route of 94.000 leet, above the bad vvoathtíir btílbw whleh Is bften Uneom foHabie tor passenger*, The D.C.4 has bi>en designed for 40 pàstengcrs, mit it will be fitted out with sleopitfe occqjnri)oaation for 20 pas Bphgtííe vvneh flying botweeh Etii-ope and the Netherlands Ipdles. "Both the K.L.M and its slater company, the K.N.I.L.M., favour mitlti-enrined land planeii With alternative engine efficiency, in ease one or mole slops, (or ocean flying. The K.LM Ls coilsldei'irig ah Atlantic sei vice to link Holland with its colonies In the West Indies, but Is not interested in the Pacific, The, latter Is a matter tor the K.N.I.UM. to decide." _________^_ 