 TWO AND A HALF DAYS London-Syd ney SYDNEY, Tuesday Plans for a two and a half days* air mail schedule be tween London and Sydney, with giant land-planes which will make only four stops, are being considered by the British Air Ministry.  SYDNEY TO LONDON IN SEVENJAYS GLOBE ENCIRCLEMENT IN A FORTNIGHT Regular Aerial Service SYDNEY, August fl. lu 10 wecke from now, darring acci- dents and official delays, Sydney will become a link in a chain of regular aerial passenger and mail communication encompassing the entire globe. lt will be possible to circle the globe from this city in exactly 14 days, providing one makes all connexions. Sydney will be seven days' flight from London, either via Singapore and Kuropo, or across thc Pacific Ocean, American continent, and Atlantic Ocean. The combined K.K.I.L.M.-R.P.M. service if Intercontinental Airways provides speedy Lockhecds as far ns Batavia, and 'bigger, though slower, Douglasses thence to London. Thc trip that wav tnkes a week. lt cnn be done by flying boat, too, but that trip takes 21 days longer. With the exception of the 3500-mile hop across the United States, the jour- ney in the other direction to London will bc done by flying boats all the «av. Tasman Empire Airways has yet to be formed officially. It will provide transport across the Tasman to Auck- land in «ne of a fleet of tbree brand new and greatly improved flying boats. 72-PASSENGER CRAFT. Giant /2-passenger Boeing Clippers, the pride of Pen-American Airways, will take over from Auckland, and four da)B later reach Los Angeles, having called at Xt.umca. Canton Island, and Honolulu. Any one of several highly efficient land plane services will make thc Los Angeles-Kew York hop, which occupies less than 20 hours, allowing for inter- mediate steps for refuelling. For the final stage another Boeing Clipper is based at Port Washington, Long Island. In summer thc Atlantic Clipper flics the northern route, via Newfoundland and Ireland to South- ampton, taking 24J hours. In winter the southern route takes in the Azores. Lisbon, and Marseilles, the trip taking about twa days.  ACCELERATION OF AIR SERVICE Sydney-London Jn Nine And A Half Days SYDNEY, JInivli 28. Half a «lay will be cut off the Sydney I.iinddii schedule ut' the Kmplre air ser- vice early next month,' making Hie total lime for the journey 'JJ days. This wns announced today by Qantas Km pile Airway« Ltd. after the departure fruin Hose Buy ut thc 100th Hying boat which lins left Sydney since the utlleial open- ing nf the service on August », ]fl:iS. The lime has been saved between India and Knglnnd, with the result that Imperial Alrwnys Ltd. can fin tm the inmost alr'servlce between London and Calcutta, beating both Its international rivals. This section of the route has been in operation the longest, and when the associated Umpire companies apply the same speed-up on the Calcutta Singapore and Singapore-Sydney sections the total time for the journey probably will be only eight days.  Grim Stories Of Our Generation BY ADAM McCAY. 'Days of Our Years; The Story of a Generation," by Pierre Van Paassen; Hcincmann, London; Angus and Robertson, Sydney. A Dutch lad in his teens, Pierre van Paassen, migrated with his parents to Canada in the spring of 1914, and began to study for the Methodist pastorate in Victoria College, Toronto.. When the war arrived, he felt little interest in it, for he thought as a Hollander, not as a Canadian, and also had religious objections. At length, in 1916, young van Paassen was goaded to enlist when a woman publicly pinned a white feather in his coat. He went to the front; but his feeling towards war remained (and still remains) one of undiluted' loathing. He speaks of his training in Canada — "in less than three months we were deemed sufficiently expert in assassination, theft and arson to be sent over to France to save Christian civilisa tion." Van Paassen accepts at their maximum value, and presents in tlieii highest lights, all the stories ever told of war-weariness, disaffec- . tion, and mutiny in 1918, after Russia had abandoned the fight. Many other "left-book" authors have written their histories of mutual economic and armament aid between enemy powers. Van Paassen cites some of them: — "Through the first three years of the War the Reich received an un interrupted stream of supplies through Holland, Switzerland, and the Scan dinavian countries, especially cotton, without which she could not . have continued to fight for a day. This went on until America angrily pro tested that England, Germany's chief adversary, was crowding her out of the European countries." (Andre Ri- bard, "La France,") In the fiercest period of the death struggle in Flanders there was a busi ness conference in -Vienna — of the German chemical trust, the Swiss copper interests, and English, Ger man, and French armament firms. Germany occupied French metal lurgical areas at the outbreak of war, "and was able during four years to inundate the East and the West, on land and the high seas, with a tor rent of steel. The dreadful barbed wire strung out by the British at Ypres and on the Somme, which be came a death-trap for the Prussian Guard, was manufactured by the Drahtwerke of Opel and Company, and had found its way through Hol land to England." Only when France was in fear of imminent revolution, says this author, did America's urgings secure an eco nomic blockade in earnest; at which, Germany "launched a last desperate offensive, and collapsed."  LAST DAYS OF PEACE IN EUROPE AUSTRALIAN'S EXPERIENCES Grim Scenes in London (By a Special Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Friday. A fortnight ago I was in Berlin, preparing to go to the since- cancelled Tannenberg meeting; a little more than a week ago I was in London, watching school children rehearse for that evacu- ation which has now become a tragic reality; yesterday I arrived in Sydney, having travelled to Batavia by the last plane to leave Amsterdam befpre Hitler marched into Poland. When I left London the people were living in the middle of another crisis, facing that "emergency" which has turned suddenly to war. Already they were jesting about "doing their bit," and street musicians were playing again the old war tunes of 1914-18. In many offices seating accommodation had entirely dis- appeared; the chairs were in the air- raid shelters in the basement. Other offices suspended business, while the em- ployes tackled small mountains of sand on the pavement, filling sandbags instead of adding up figures. In fact, London prepared for what has come something on the lines of the prefix to many official letters: — Should a war emergency arise . . . A war emergency having arisen . . . The first statement Is now struck out as not applying. There was a feeling of calm amid the tension, a calmness which might have been taken by those who do not know the British temperament, for indiffer- ence. Having bought miles of black tape and acres of black or brown paper, covered up their windows and stuffed the chinks in the doors, made curtains of black woollen or black crepe de Chine — "it will come in useful afterwards" — prepared the air-raid shelters and the sandbags, and studied the A.R.P. book- lets, people watched with interest a giant scoop biting huge chunks out of Hyde Park to make more shelter trenches. Evacuating School Children But the rehearsal for the evacuation of the school children was not taken quite so disinterestedly. One felt that if the world could not be made safe for all those thousands of bewildered youngsters, each with some little parcels of clothing and food, each labelled with his or her name, and bound for un- known destinations in the country, then the world no longer justified its exis- tence. Only the mothers understood what grim disaster might overtake the children at any moment. Londoners pursued their normal lives as far as possible. Newspaper posters divided their interest between the lat- est football results and/or Chamberlain or Hitler, and women who were still enrolling in their thousands in the vari- ous national services did not forget that it is not necessary to be frumpish in a uniform. There was a great rush to obtain beauty supplies — face cream, face powders and lipsticks being stored along with the tea and cocoa and tins of kippers. In Germany In Berlin, one did not get the same feeling of preparedness among the civil population. Although there were con- tinuous movements of troops in the city, one man said it would be time enough for him to think about war when troops started to rush through the city in mo- tor cars, and anti-aircraft guns were obvious on the tops of the buildings. On August 24 the British Consul- General in Berlin, advised all British- ers to leave, and about midday a gene- ral exodus started from the hotels. But as fast as the English moved out, Ger- mans moved in. There was a frantic rush among Britishers to get seats in planes or trains, but planes were already booked four days in a'dvance. The train which left for Paris at nearly midnight was crowded, as was the train which left for Amsterdam. But most of the passengers in the Amsterdam train seemed to have been for stations before the frontier. Not many passengers ar- rived in Holland. I left Germany by way of Holland, after seeing Hitler arrive at the Chan- cellery from Berchtesgarten. Fewer than a couple of hundred people were on the pavement to see him, as he seemed to crouch down in the seat of his car. He Children from a London school taking part in an evacuation rehearsal. Since this air-mail picture was taken a few days ago, the rehearsal has become a terrible reality. did not acknowledge the presence of the crowd, most of whom wore, in addition to the Nazi badge, the circular aluminium disc which has been Issued for "The Party Day" in Nuremburg. After Hitler drove through the gates of the Chancellery the crowd drifted away to coffee-houses, which were well- patronised. Although it was to be ex- pected that there would be plenty of food in the hotels, I did not notice any short- age among the people themselves. Butter was rationed, but there seemed to be plenty of bread, even if not always of a good color, and wherever I went — to the gardens, the picture shows, the theatre in the poorer district of Berlin, in the trains, women seemed to produce an un- limited supply of sandwiches from capacious shopping bags. In fact, women seemed to be eating at every op- portunity, and if their menfolk were with them, food was provided according- ly. In Berlin, Cologne, Munich, I was astounded at the number of cake and chocolate shops, all of which seemed to be well patronised. "Brutal Nationalism" Except for the younger generation, in whom has been bred what an Italian described to me as "brutal nationalism," It appeared to me that Germans them- selves had as little sentiment for war as the same Italian who said, "We fight If we have to, but the heart is not in It." But whether they were the young women of the Reich, devoting their lives to educational schemes for children, or young men regimented into the army or Into industry, they talked of the Fuhrer without a great dear of enthusiasm; they admitted his leadership, admitted even that he had built a "new Germany," but refused to talk when asked if they would still follow his leadership If he led them into war. Germany, as I saw it, is a country which is somewhat terrifying in its or- ganisation and efficiency. Only in the Ministry for Propaganda did I find extra- ordinary animation when talking of Hit- ler's plans and prospects for the next four years — plans which, a fortnight ago included a gigantic building scheme for workers' homes, but not a war to destroy those workers. France, which I visited before Ger- many, had fewer evidences of prepara- tion than England. Always living more in the shadow of conflict than England, the French people seemed to possess a fatalistic resignation. In all flats and buildings were posted notices telling the evacuation plans for each particular dis- trict, and it was expected that these plans would be carried into effect without a hitch. Unhappy Italians I spent nearly a month looking at Europe In the Faster Fraser manner, and in Italy there was that feeling of un- happiness about the alliance with Ger- many which has since found expression in the Duce's declaration of neutrality. With the possibility of the tension snap- ping at any moment, Italians hoped that a way would be found to break the Axis agreement, and that In the future they would find themselves allies of Great Britain. Prague Air Port Special permits, very difficult to ob- tain, were necessary to enter Prague it- self, and the morning the K.L.M. plane landed at the airport with the malls, and one passenger shortly after the aero- drome had been reopened, the stage was set for a crowd of visitors who did not arrive. Outside the buffet were scores of blue and red chairs in the sunshine; inside the buffet were a dozen or so tables, each with one bread roll on a plate in the centre. On another table were a few flowers, a plate of peaches and a plate of postcards. In a glass case were a few cakes of chocolate. The immacu- lately clad waiter asked me if I would like a drink, and when I told him that I had no marks he said that English money would do. The hangars were closed, and the aerodrome, which used to be such a hive of activity, was "dead." There was an air of mustiness over it all, despite the brilliant sunshine, and the only other people besides the buffet attendant at the airport were a few soldiers, a cus- toms man and a couple of elderly women attending the cloakrooms. When I asked one of the women how things were she answered, "It will be all right" and scuttled up the stairs like a fright- ened rabbit. So much for the Nazi creed of "joy through work." On the invasion of Poland by Ger- many all night flying was prohibited over India, Burma, Malaya and certain areas were prohibited. This sunrise-to- sunset regulation meant that Captain Quirinus Tepas, In command of the Bulzerd, had hurriedly to rearrange his night stopping places. Unable to make the flight from Jodhpur to Rangoon in daylight, a night was spent at Calcutta, where we learned that England had entered the war. Germans Detained Captain Tepas last his first officer, a German who had lived in Holland and South America for many years, but was travelling with a German passport. Two young men who were on their way to Sydney to engage In the wool business were also detained. Next morning a German woman who wanted a seat in the plane received last-minute instruc- tions at the aerodrome that she would be unable to leave. At Rangoon the commander acquired the American first officer of a west-bound K.L.M. plane, which had crashed and broken its undercarriage in landing. Captain Tepas is one of six pilots who have not been mobilised for mili- tary duty In Holland, so that the air services to the Dutch East Indies can be maintained. On Saturday he will fly his machine from Batavia back to Amsterdam: permission has been given by the French authorities to the K.L.M. Royat Dutch Airlines to fly over France.  DANGEROUS DAYS IN EUROPE Philip Gibbs Studies Dictators "This Nettle, Danger," by Philip Gibbs. Hutchinson, London, and Angus and Robertson, Sydney. Europe's affairs in recent years have brought from Sir Philip Gibbs a series of striking narratives and impressive judgments, thinly cloaked as novels; and the latest of these "This Nettle, Danger," commands most serious attention. It presents Britain in relation to Europe — above all, to Germany and Herr Hitler; but Gibbs makes the observations through the keen eyes of an American political journalist, John Barton, sent from New York .to London as a Special Correspondent. The young American approaches Britain as an enthusiastic democrat, gravely fearing that the democracies (especially England) have knuckled down to the dictators, and that Abys sinia, Austria, Czecho-Slovakia, all represent "betrayals." He finds him self mixing with some of England's ruling and diplomatic classes — peers, ex-Ministers, and Ambassadors, and a few politicians— and from their talks- he presents what Sir Philip Gibbs presumes to be the settled opinions of upper-class England. To make "a story," John and 'his pretty sister, Judith, respectively fall in love with an Earl's daughter, the pretty Lady Anne, and her nonchalant ar tist cousin, Robin; and those two Eng lish types talk illuminating things. It is a . loose enough narrative, moving in sequence of time from one episodic situation to the next. At the beginning, in the voyage from New ' York, in the Queen Mary, all the travelling English folk are upset by what American papers have been printing about "Edward Eight" and "Wallie Simpson," with facts and surmises which were tacitly censored by the British Press all over the world. John Barton, a simple Ame rican diplomat, sees no reason why "Edward Eight" should not marry the American lady if he wants to, Philip Gibbs. but he quickly un derstands that among his English acquaintances the subject is rigor ously tabooed. At length, when the storm breaks in England, Sir Philip Gibbs gives a sym pathetic and digni fied account of the Abdication. When John Bar ton travels in Europe, the discussions on Germany have intriguing interest. One rhe torical estimate of the Fuehrer is given by an imaginative Irish-Ame rican journalist from Chicago. Says O'Brien: — "They (the English and French) think it is only, a difference between democracy arid dictatorship. Believe me, brother, there's more in it than that! It's a declaration of war be tween Wotan and Christ . . . Adolf Hitler, who runs this country, is one of the greatest men in the world. Don't you let yourself be duped by newspaper guys into thinking that he's a little fellow who is used as a puppet by wirepullers . . . This man Hitler is one of those fellows who get thrown up by humanity once in a thousand years or so — Alexander the Gr&at, Hannibal, Attila, Ghengis Khan, Mohammed. His book, 'Mein Kampf' is a gospel as powerful as the Koran and as dangerous to other forms of faith . . ." When the American journalist goes to Rome, and interviews Mussolini, one wonders whether Philip Gibbs is reviving an actual memory as the Duce says ironically: — "I wish to be friends with the American people, but the American newspapers call me a bandit from" time to time. You will go away, no doubt, and call me a bandit or an ice-cream merchant." At the end of the book you are not sure whether John Barton (or Philip Gibbs, speaking through him) at last awaits the flower safely out of the nettle, danger. — A.M.  The Story of a Generation Days Of Our Years," by Pierre von Paassen. (William Heinemann, Lon don. Copy from Angus & Robertson Sydney). JUDGING from the quotations on the dust jacket, many hard-bitten reviewers have been thrilled by this book. Nor is this fact surprising, since here , we have a new, and most interest- . ing, type of autobiography. Mr. Van Paassen, a Dutch journalist, has woven into the story of his own life the story of the generation to which he belongs. And it is strictly true to say that there is not a dull page in the book. Most of all, is one impressed by the generous humanity and brave idealism of the writer! The scenes of horror which he has witnessed at close quar ters might easily have turned him into a cynic; many of his descriptions make one sickened at the record of human vileness and savagery. Mr. Van Paas sen has passed through experiences which have stripped him of all pleasant illusions. Yet he maintains a spiritual faith and a moral elevation which make bis autobiography "a means of grace." He lived through the fiery furnace of the Great War, the follies and intrigues of the Great War's aftermath, the triumph of Fascism in Italy and Hitler ism in Germany, the tragedy of Ethiopia and the darker tragedy of Spain. He is a realist; he could hardly be otherwise. The miracle is that he is still an impenitent idealist. Born and bred in the little Dutch town of Gor cum, he has moved away from the stern ness of the antique CalvuusUc creed which enveloped his childhood and youth, but he still holds fast to the as surance that a God of justice reigns, judges and avenges. Trained for the Christian ministry, he occupies no pul pit, but in this book sounds the authen tic note of prophecy. A Dutchman and justly proud of his great little country, he is all the more an internationalist. Passionate. in his hatred of cruelty, oppression and exploi tation, he realises that mere hatred has no power to save mankind. Believing in a free democracy as the form of so ciety which best ensures the preserva tion of the true human and divine values, he is keenly alive to the perils which beset us from within as well as from without. This book is the work of a man who. seeing and revealing the worst, and analysing deeply the causes of our "pre sent distress, still dares to believe in the best. Apart from its interest to the student of recent history and poli tics, the book discloses a personality of rare charm and culture. Nor is this all. Mr. Van Paassen has insight, courage, and, above all, a burning sym pathy for the poor and disinherited, but nothing of the bitterness and fero city which unhappily appear in many of those who claim to champion the cause of "the under dog." ik Mr. Van Paassen knows the ins and outs of European politics. His travels have made him familiar with most of the capitals and chancellories, but even more with the life of the humble folk who in every land seem to him the victims of the greed, selfishness, and stupidity of their "betters." His revelations of the basenesses of armament mongers, diplomatists, and Ministers are astonishing to those un familiar with then" doings. For most of his information be is himself the authority, since he has himself talked with the great ones, and seen with his own eyes the unhallowed fruits of their schemings. For tbe rest he invariably cites his authorities, nor can these authorities be easily disparaged. He claims to prove, for example, that M. Laval. Foreign Minister of France, was thoroughly acquainted with Musso lini's plans for the absorption of Ethiopia, and even undertook to facili tate them. He cites evidence to prove —what is now hardly disputed—that the Franco uprising in Spain was actually concocted in association with Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, which lent to Franco large help from the very begin ning of the Civil War. and, indeed, be fore its beginning. Perhaps the most distressing part of the book to the British reader is Mr. Van Paassen's indictment of British administration in Palestine. Henioes not conceal his enthusiasm for the ' achievements of the Jewish colonists in Palestine, which are by no means limited to Tel-Aviv. All kinds of interesting social and agricultural experiments are being carried out by outlying Jewish communities, working on communistic or co-operative lines. On tbe other hand, he believes that the Grand Mufti ' and the self-appointed champions of Arab nationalism are not in any way representative of the masses of the Arab people, who have been vastly bene ■ fited by the Jewish influx, but are simply > catspa'ws of the selfish interests of a • small group of Arab landlords. Mr. Van Paassen charges British ad -1 ministration with gross partiality to ; wards the Arab rebels, and neglect of ; duty in not securing protection for Jew ish settlers peacefully engaged in legiti ; mate and beneficial activities. It would be good to know the official answer to Mr. Van Paassen's detailed and speci fic charges. Mr. Van Paassen's account of Ethiopia is particularly useful. He fully admits the deplorably low level of civilisation, culture and religion in Have Selassie's domain, the barbaric poverty and cruelty which prevailed, the extensive breakdown of law and order, and, worst of all. the continuance of the slave trade on an extensive scale. At the same time, he exposes the unspeakable bru talities of the Italian invaders, who even now are far from having subdued all resistance. He thinks the Ethiopians would have done far better if they had restricted themselves to guerilla methods and not exposed their ill-disciplined and ill armed medieval levies to the perils of open warfare, the rain of death from Italian aeroplanes, and the worse terror of poison gas. The book, grim as it is for the most part, is lightened by a few touches of humor, and Mr. Van Paassen tells a good story with gusto. Altogether, this book is solid and memorable: reading it is an experience that should not be missed.  i SYDNEY TO LONDON IN SEVEN DAYS SYDVF.Y \inm..t fi i In III wocks horn now, barring acci 'Ir-Dts and official ddayt, Sydney will become u link in ;i chain of 'regular aerial passenger mi'l mail i-ouiiiiuiiicution encompassing the i-ntin; globe. It will In po»sil,l.- to circle the gli-be from ihi» city ,n .-\ai-tly 1-1 flays, providing one makes all connexion.*. Svdnpv uill 1. 11 ti.i\..n (l-n .' Hir.lif from London, cither \ ia Singapore and Europe, or acrn-s rhe Piieific Ocean, American continent, and Atlantic Ocean. Tlie ci.nil.iucil K.X.I.L.M.- K.PM sei-iice ,f lnicici.iilii:eiital .\m-Hy» provides tpee.ly L-ickh.'''U a* far b Ratavia. and liiu',rev, tli-nigh slower Douda^ses thence to London. The trip that way tak.-s ;i week. 1' can be dull' by living lioat. too. bin i hut trip ti.kcF 2y 'lav* Inn-jei. With the i-xei-ptii ? i thr- ;i.'i(l(i mn» ho]) acro«s t lie- I.'nitefl '-'late- tho i-mi ? ney in the oilier (firecii'ii t - L'iidiMi will be done by flying boa1- til the Tiisman Knipire Airvva.s 1m- v.-f -?- be formed ofiiciallv. ll uiil pn-v nic. transport jiernss tin- 'l;:»ii'iin to Auck innd in one of a rte,-t ?-( ;lnee brand new nnd greatly improved flvin? boat*. 72-PASSENGER CRAFT. Uiant /li-pat^ciigi r Bor;ijg Clippers, the prid.? ??.( JV.n Aricii'-an Airway,., will take ovpi- fi-.mi Auckland, and f-mr day? later reach Los Ansrelcp. hnving called at Noumea. ( anton Island, mi.l Honolulu. Any oiil- of several highly pflioicn!, land f)lune services will mnkn the Los Angele* — \i.\v York hop, \\ hich occupies lese than 20 hours, allowing for inter mediate stops for refiu'lliiiif. l'or the final stagp nmlher Hoeing Hipper is ba^eil at. Port Washington, Long lslard. In sumnnT the Atlantic (.lipjiei- flies the nortiieiii route, via Newfoundland anil Ireland to South ampton, taking 241 hour*. In winter Hip Pout hern route take* in the A/.orp*, Lisbon, and Murseilli— . tlic triji \akm« id out two. days.  Tokio-Sydney in Five Days (Australian Associated Press) LONDON, November 29. A Tokio messngc announces that it is expected the New Tokio-Bangkok air service will be inaugurated in February under, a Japanese-Siamese pact, to be signed on Thursday. This will link To kio and Sydney in five days.  London-Sydney In 2i Davs LONDON, Wednesday. BRITISH land planes capable of a four-hop flight from London to Sydney in two and a half days, may be used to sup plement flying-boats on Empire routes. This is stated by the British1 news magazine Cavalcade. ; The proposal, the magazine adds, is now under consideration by the Air Ministry, . It is suggested that these fast long- range planes would be used to carry express mails while passengers would travel by a more leisurely schedule. Planes suitable for such express ser&lt;- vices are the 31-ton four-englned Short monoplanes already under construction. 275 m.p.h. at 25,000ft. One type will be a stratosphere air liner cruising at 275 m.p.h. at 25,000ft. It will have a maximum range of 2000 miles. This is the machine which would be able to fly from London to Sydney in two and a half days.  FASTER AIR SERVICE. FORECAST FOR 1942. London to Sydney in Three Days. MELBOURNE, April 25.-Slr Donald Banks, Permanent Under-Secretary for Air in Great Britain and one of the three members of the British air mis sion to Australia, said today that aero planes which would be able to cover the distance between London and Sydney in three flays were now being built in Eng land. They were land planes capable of a speed of 250 miles per hour for a range of 2,000 miles. On such a service, Sir Donald Banks said, planes would have to fly day and night and make only six calls during the trip for refuelling. They would be big enough to accommodate 12 passen gers day and night and mall. It was not Intended that this service should supersede the existing flying boat ser vice, which was both comfortable and popular. The new service would be used and recognised entirely as a special ex press for passengers and mail. Because of lack of planes it would not be pos sible when the service was inaugurated to maintain a regular service to a strict schedule. The type of plane -to be used would have its first tests over the Atlan tic from Croydon (England) to America in allout a year. It Is suggested that the planes will be ready for the Australian service in 1942. Sir Donald Banks left for England by the Orford today. He said that Aus tralia had made more than satisfactory progress in all channels of civil avia tion  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS New Service Will Be Ultra-Efficient LONG-RANGE AIRCRAFT MELBOURNE, April 2D. Sir Donald Banks, the Permanent Under-secretary for Air In Great Brit- ain and one of the three members of the BrltlBh Air Mission to Australia, said today that aeroplanes which would be able to cover the distance between London and Sydney in three days were being built In England. They were land aeroplanes capable of a speed of 2S0 miles an hour for a range of 2,000 miles. On such a service, he continued, the aeroplanes would have to fly day and night, and make only six calls during the trip, for refuelling. They would be big enough to accom- modate 12 passengers, day and night, and mall. It was not intended that the service should supersede the exist- ing flying boat service. The new ser- vice would ho used and recognised en- tirely as a special express for passen- gers and mail. Because ot lack of aeroplanes, It would not be possible, when the service was Inaugurated, to maintain a regular service to a strict schedule. The type of aeroplane used would have its first teBts over the Atlantic from Croydon to America in about a year. It ls suggested that the aeroplanes will bo ready for the Australian service In 1V42. Slr Donald BnnkB, who. ac- companied by Lady Banks, left for Eng- land In the Orford today, said that Aus- tralia bad made more than satisfactory progress In all channels of civil aviation.  IN THREE DAYS London-Sydney Flight LATEST ' PLANES MELBOURNE, Wednesday. it was announced by Sir Donald Banks, Permanent Undor-Secre - tary for Air, in Great Britain and one of the three members of the British Air Mission to Australia, that aeroplanes able to cover the distance 'between London and Syd ney in three days were npw being built in England. They were landplanes capable of a speed of 250 miles an hour, with a range of 2U00 miles. On such a service, he continued, the planes would have to fly day and night and make only six calls during the trip, for refuelling. They would be big enough to accommodate 12 passengers day and night and mail. It was not intended that this ser vice should supersede tho existing fly ing-boat service, which was both com fortable and popular. The now ser vice would be used and recognised entirely as a special express for pas sengers and mail. Because of lack of planes it would not be possible, when the service was inaugurated, to main tain a regular service to a strict schedule. The type of plane to be used would have its first tests over the Atlantic from Croydon (England) to America In about a year's time. It was sug gested that the planes will be ready for the Australian service in 1942. Sir Donald Banks, who was accom panied by Lady Banks, left for Eng land in the Orford yesterday. He said that Australia had made moro than satisfactory progress in all chan nels of civil aviation.  THREE, DAYS' í; ALIGHT. ,. . -&lt; , , . ' LONDON TO SYDNEY.. Planes Now Being Built. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Sir Donald.Banks, Permanent Under- secretary for Air in Great Britain and one of the three members of the British Air Mission to Australia, said to-day that aeroplanes able to cover the dis- tance between London and Sydney in three days were now being built in England. They were landplanes capable of a speed of 250 miles an hour, with a range of 2,000 miles. On such a service, he continued, the planes 1 would have to fly day and night and make only six calls during the trip, for refuelling. They, would be big enough - to accommodate 12 passengers day and night and mail. It was-not intended that this service should supersede the existing flying-boat service, which was both comfortable and popular. The new service would be used and recog- nised entirely as a special express tor pas- sengers and mail. Because of lack of planes it would not be possible, when the service was inaugurated, to maintain a regular ser- vice to a strict schedule. The type of plane to be used would have its first tests over the Atlantic from Croy- don (England) to America In about a year's time. It was suggested that the planes will be ready for the Australian service in 1942, Sir Donald Banks, who was accompanied by Lady Banks, left for England in the Or- ford to-day. He said that Australia had made more than satisfactory progress in all channels of Civil aviation._  [?] Social Life in Sydney ♦ Other Customs; Other Days — Popular girl to London for Wedding — Dainty Melbourne Visitor Much in the Picture — Memorial Gates Opened — One of Twenty-Four Grand children — Log Fires send out Glowing Welcome — Interest- ing Engagement — Overseas .. Fiance — Colonel Lorenzo Honoured — Country Visitor Leaves for Home. 'Daily Mercury' Service. NCE upon a time, as the nursery chatter goes, | June, the month of roses, was always regarded as . the most fashionable month to select for your marriage. May was, ot course, taboo, and, for some reason or other, was said to be unlucky. April was just on tho heels of Easter, and the world of women had thoroughly enjoyed all the festivities of that gala time, aiul were prepared to make special preparations for the weddings to take place later on. 'Now that is all put aside, and on Wednes day of last week we were, bidden to . no 'less than six weddings, all of wide interest, and all wel! attended. This week there are again weddings and plans of more to come, so truly times have changed. Some of our popular lassies are off j to London for their marriage, among them being Edna Dettmann, one of the daughters of Mr,, and Mrs. W. A, Dettmann, whoso luggage is labelled London, and win will find Colin Ver non-Plummer. a barrister of London city, awaiting her. She is a much travelled Miss, and to and fro to Europe this makes her seventh trip. She arrived in December in time eat the Christmas pudding with her fam ily. and since then has had a success ion of parties lo send her merrily on her way. An interesting girl, who claims Mel bourne as her birthplace, but, is a really truly Sydney lass, is Miss Penelope Little. She is the daughter of Major Little and Mrs. 'Little. Her mother is the eldest of the three daughters ot the late Mr. and Mrs. Philip Morton, and she was for many years the lead- i er of our smart social set. During the Easter festivities she has had Mrs. Sep Levy as one of her hostesses, and could not possibly have been more favourably chaperoned. After the races at Randwick she went on to Mrs. T. H. Kelly's cocktail party, and as sured one and all that she had never seen a more perfect view. The opening of the memorial gates in memory of the late Mrs. T. Moore Sims at the Country Women's Asso ciation seaside home, Keera House, was performed by Mrs. Matt. Sawyer, a former State president, on Satur day afternoon last. There were more than one hundred members of the C.W.A. present, Including many of the delegates who have been in town for the annual conference. Those present were entertained at afternoon tea by Mrs. Colin Venn (president of the seaside home committee) and Mrs.' Hudson (secretary of the committee). Mr. T. Moore Sims, with his son and daughter, were among the guests. A particularly uncommon ring is being worn by Miss Noel Hordern, daughter' of the Rev. F. Hugh Hor dern, and Mrs. Hordern, of Ct. Paul's Rectory, Sydney, who has just an nounced her engagement to . :r. HUgh Darling, eld&st son of Mr. and Mrs. A. Darling, of 'Inering,' Gunnedali. It is a solitaire diamond, set with, dia mond true lover's knots on either side. Miss Hordern, who has just re turned from a holiday in Tasmania, is one of the 2-1 grandchildren of Mr. and Mrs. E. Carr Hordern, of 'Chisle- hursl,' Chatswood.' Consequently, from relatives alone she has had end less good wishes. Already the numerous entertain ments in honour of Mrs. S. H. Ervin, and her attractive daughter, Miss Goldie Gray, have begun. They leave fiy Europe in the early May days, and the lengih of their visit is uncertain. On Saturday night Dr. Hal Cramsie was their host at Prince's. ' Others who danced there were Mr. and Mrs. ? Dick Allen, Mrs. Jim Litchfield, Cap tain Llewelyn Palmer, and Captain J. Windsor Llewis. The engagement announced during the recent week Miss Pliyl. White and Mr. Paddy Bell will unite two of the State's best known pastoral fam ilies, for if you hear the name of White if is sure to belong to some one who lives In the New England country, while all the Bells seem to circle round Muswellbrook. So far, no mention is made of where the young folks will erect their roof-tree, but they will be faithful to tradition and settle on the land. * * « i is so unusual to see a real log fire at one of our city dances that the guests invited to the excellent ball given at Elizabeth Bay House on Thursday evening, thought nt first the vision was an optical delusion. The hostesses, Mes.'.ames Kenneth Street, Edmund Barton. Lang Campbell, Ar thur du Boise, Clife Teece, and Ken neth McConnell, received many con gratulr.tions on their happy thought, which made such a cherry welcome for their young guests and their danc ing partners. Largo bowls of bright ly coloured flowers decorated the ball and reception rooms, and about 160 guests were entertained. The Misses Yvonne du Boise, Helen St. Vincent Welch, and Rosemar Blythman, made their debut at. the dance, which was also in honour of the Misses Frances, Stephen, Belinda, and Philjppa Street, Helen Teece, Barbara Mc.Conncll, and Betl.ina and Ursula Barton. Miss du Boise looked very dainty in whit rib bed crepe, fininshed with a plaited gold girdle, and her i\'d world posy was of pink roses. Miss Frances Stephen, of Coolah, chose pale green taffeta, with two pink camelias on (he shoulders. Miss r.'ary McConnell wore a draped gown of sky blue chif fon. Miss Belinda Street wore a gown of silver lame, lier sister Phillipa danced in a frock of bouffant cherry red tafl'eta. Miss Helen Teece was much admired in clover toned crepe, with diamente straps. Miss Penelope Little, of Melbourne, looked attractive in a white satin gown, the skirt lifted slightly to show a kilted red petticoat. Miss Sheila Bell, of Goulburn, wore a gathered frock of white satin. An engagement of particular inter est to many old family friends, espe cially in the Baf hurst district, which has just been announced, is that of Miss Henzel C'.'uroy, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs, J. M. Conroy, of Kirconnell . House, Bathurst, to Col onel I-lariand Holmes Dean, of the Royal Tank Corps, Lulworth, Dorset, son of the late Mr. H. E. Dean and Mrs. Dean, of Wellington, N.Z., and London. Miss Conroy. who is at pre sent in Sydney staying with Mrs. David Maughan, will leave in the Mon terey on June 2.'t for London, where she will be married soon after her arrival. She will be attended by her sister, Mrs. Peter Hawks, of Salisbury. f v v To hid farewell to Colonel Lorenzo, who has now retired from the. Army, a late afternoon party was liel/1 at the Victoria Bararcks last week. The party took place in the mess-room, where iiuantities of red and blue flow ers were used in the decorations. The guests .were received by the president of the StaT Corps Mess, Colonel F. W Lennox, and Mrs. Lennox. Tile latter wore a blue angora costume and matching hat. Among the many guests were (he Minister for National Emer gency Services, Lieutenant-Colonel Bruxner, and Mrs. Bruxner,-thc Lord Mayor and La/.ly Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Norman Nock), Sir Ernest and Lady Fisl;, Captain and Mrs. E. R. Cox, Brigadi'i'-(!eii'-val and Mrs. .T. L. Hardy, Rriyaitier-General and Mrs. H. W. Lloyd. .Mr. and Mrs. Koy.Hendy, Mr. a n/1 Mrs. Jfarold Baker, Wing Commander IIir.:h Poate, Commander neverell. * * * Mrs. Aylmer 1'earce, of Plashett, Jerry's Plains, who was Hie guest of her mother, Mrs, George Sly, of Edge scurf are visible, a dandruff tonic should be used right away. The best thing to do is to pour a little on to a pad of cotto.nwo.ol, part the hair into small partings and rub vigorously all over the head. After using the tonic for several days wash with an anti-dandruff sham poo. There are several of these on the market. If the hair is excessively greasy it can be cured just as effectively by using a tonic especially designed l'oi correcting excessive, oil and then washing with a non-greasy shampoo. As a rule, one of the most common ills is dryness, which causes the hair to lose colour and look 'strawey' and faded. There are various ways of curing this. You can massage in warm oil. covering the head with warm towels after th'c oil has been applied in order to allow it in sppp in, or tonics can be bought, containing oil to nourish the roots. After these faults have been cor rected, daily brushing and careful setting will help to give you a lovely head of hair. cliff, for the Easier gaieties, returned to her home at tho week-end. kept the young members of Britain's own ballet company on tenterhooks with excitement. The ballet has been given in full several times at Sad ler's Wells with great success, but only the first and third acts could be performed in the time, allowed at Co vent Gardens. In the first act Mar got. Fonfeyn, tho youthful ballerina who rivals the Russians in her. art, does not, appear, ? but the third act gives her plenty of opportunity, while in the first, practically every member of the company has a chance to do short, solo dance at, the. christening of the Sleeping Beauty. AVitii the keen interest which the King and Queen take in the art, ballet has come into its own as a truly royal entertain ment, embodying all the best features of theatrical art. Decorations are now being com pleted in the, suit o. of rooms to bo oc cupied by the King and Queen at Rideau Hall, Ottawa, during their stay in the. Canadian capital. A rose and blue colour scheme on the lines of an English country house has been worked out by the wife of | the Governor-General for the bedroom j of the Queen. Sprigged chintz in pink on a blue ground is the choice for | curtains and for the iStli century I mahogany bed, and this chintz is also  LONDON-SYDNEY IN 2| DAYS. GIANT LANDPLANES. British Mail Proposal. BY OUR AVIATION CORRESPONDENT. Plans for a two and a half days' air- mail schedule between London and Sydney, with giant landplanes, which will make only four stops, are beins: considered by the British Air Ministry, according to the Society of British Aircraft Constructors, Ltd. "The Air Ministry has in mind the need to maintain the fastest possible service over the chief Empire routes in order that foreign competing lines shall not gather the cream of the traffic." says an official statement by the society. The new scheme, it is stated, contemplates the provision of fast, long-range "express" landplanes to supplement the existing flying lioat service, which is worked over relatively short stages. Since the inauguration of the Empire flying boat, .scheme on a nine and ' a half days' schedule from Southampton to Sydney, more than no per cent, of the flying-boats have arrived at Rose Bay a day. or more late be- cause of delays west of Singapore. On the other hand, the combined Dutch airlines can claim approximately 90 per cent, regularity on a summer schedule of eight and a half days, and a winter schedule of nine and a half days between London and Sydney, with pas- sengers from Great Britain and mail and freight from the Continent. Tile Dutch schedule between Sydney and London Is less than eight days. Tlie flying-boat which was due at Rose Bay yesterday is 48 hours behind schedule, and will not arrive-until to-morrow. The flying boat, listed to arrive this afternoon, is 24 hours late, and will not arrive at Rose Bay until to-morrow afternoon. This brings the total of flying-boats which have arrived in Sydney one day or more late to 56 out of 110. FLYING-BOAT SHORTAGE. Imperial Airways, Ltd., is now faced with a serious shortage of flying-boats for the operation of the Empire service. Eight of 30 ordered from Messrs. Short Bros, have ' been wrecked. One crashed at Lyons, one at Brin- dis!, and one at Athens. The Calpumla was wrecked at Iraq, the Capella at Batavia, the Coorong at Darwin, and the Cavalier on the Bermuda route. Now another is reported to have met with a serious accident in Africa. In addition, another made a forced landing on a sheet of water in India, another made a forced landing in the English Channel, and one was holed by a junk at Bangkok. This serious reduction of the Imperial Air- ways fleet is now reacting on the regularity of the deliver.' of the air mails to Australia. The British Secretary of State for Air, Sir Kingsley Wood, has announced that the pro- posal to supplement the fl'ying-boat services by fast landplane services, operating over stages of 2,000, miles, will receive careful con- sideration. _ "Empire air traffic has been oasea up io the present on the piinciple that mails and passengers travel together," says the statement by the Society ol Biitish Aircraft Constiuc tors "Last Chi istmos the huge ali mail loads offeicd along the Emplie routes obliged aban- donment of the principle Piactlcally the entile eapacity of the Impeiial Airwajs' fleet, augmented foi the puipose bv aim aft chai leicd fiom sevcial other companies, and even by a few militai y acioplanes was absorbed by mails Passenger weie peifoicc refused ' Foi years past " it Is added "critics have urged that mails weie delajed in the intei csts of passengers, who pieter shoit stages and rests at hotels along the way to the long stages and brief halts foi refuelling and ex- change of crews which are feasible with a 'mails only' sei vire CRUISE AT 235 MILES PER HOUR. ' Landplanes suitable for long-stage sei vices are already In construction m the 31-ton Sholl 14/38 four-englned monoplanes One will be a 'stiatosphere' alrllnei capable of cruising at 275 miles an hour at a height of 25,000 feet Maximum range of these aircraft will be at least 3 000 miles, on a basis of al working range of 2,000 miles only they could opeiate a 'foin .slops to Sydney' sei vice in two and a half days "Powei plant of the 14/38 giants will consist of four Biistol Hercules sleeve-valve engines, of which the latest example for civil use develops 1,380 horse-power for take-off Their specification pi o vides foi carriage of l8 pas- sengers, and one and a half ton of air mall Two ci aft in construction for flight at 'medium altitude' will cruise at 235 miles an hour In addition to aeccleiation of Empire seiviecs thev will be tiied, In all likelihood, ovei the North and South Atlantic "  IN .FTHREE DAYS LONDON TO SYDNEY MELBOURNE, Tuesday Aeroplanes, which will be able to cover the distance be tween London and Sydney in three days, are now being 'built in England. Sir Donald. Banks, the Permanent Under-Secretary for Air in Great Bri tain, and one of the three members of the British Air Mission to Australia. stated to-day that there were land 'planes capable of a speed of 250 m.p.h. for a range (f 2000 miles. On the Australian service, he con tinued, the 'planes would have to fly day and night, and make only six calls during the trip for refuelling. They would be big enough to accommodate 12 passengers, day and night, and mail. It was not intended that this service would supersede tie existing flying boat service. The new service would be used and recognised entirely as a spe cial express for passengers and mail. Because of lack of 'planes it would not be possible when the service was inaugurated to maintain a regular ser vice to a strict schedule. The type of 'plane to be used would have its lfirst tests over the Atlantic from Croydon, England, to America in about a year. It is suggested that the 'planes will be ready for the Australian service in 1942. Sir Donald Banks, who, accompanied by Lady Banks, left for England in the Orford to-day, said that Australia had made more than sr.isfactory progress in all channels of civil aviation.  London-Sydney in 2£ Days. GIANT. LANDPLANES. BRITISH MAIL PROPOSAL. Plans for a two-and-2-haIf days' air mail schedule be! ween London and Sydney, with giant landplaues, which will make only four stops, are being considered by the British Air Ministry, according to the Society of British Aircraft Constructors, Ltd. "The Air Ministry has in mind the need to maintain the fastest possible service over tbe chief Empire routes in order that foreign competing lines 6hall not gather the cream of tbe traffic," says an official statement by the society. Tbe new scheme, it is stated, con templates the provision of fast, long- range "express" landplanes to supple ment the existing flying boat service, which is worked over relatively' short stages. It is reported that New Zealand is suffering the worst drought experi enced for many years. A serious as pect is a fall of 22 per cent, in the exports of butter compared with last year.  SYDNEY-LONDON IN FIVE DAYS Practicable Soon, Says Harold Gatty WELLINGTON (N.Z.), Tuesday. A five days' flight from iiyuncy (o London across {ito Pacific, Ainorica and tho Atlantic might ho practicable soon, said Mr. Harold Gatty, New Zealand representativo of Pan-American Airways to-day. The company is awaiting formal ap proval by the American Government be foro opening tho service between San Francisco and Auckland. Mr. Gatty said that at llrst tho Hoeing Clipper "South Sens" would take four days on tho 8000-mile flight across tho Pacific. After snmn months, that sched ule probably -would be accelerated. 