 DOCTOR PRISONER "Turkishl Days and Ways," by James -Brown. Sydney and Lon don : Angus and Robertson, Ltd. THOSE who are interested in the tangled story of Middle Eastern his tory will find "Turkish Days and Ways" full of collated material The author (James Brown) was a graduate of Syd ney University, finishing medicine at Edinburgh when war broke out in 1914. Like piany others who were about to begin the final year, he decided to com plete his studies and to join the officers' training corps of Cambridge University, combining drill with his medical course. He became a Junior officer in a field am bulance of the R.A.M.C. later and was serving with a brigade of Yeomanry in the desert in April, 1916, when the small force was swept up by marauders. It is of what happened after that while a prisoner of the Turks, or as they euphemistically termed it "their honoured guests," with its parallel history of the ages that he tells in this book. Although having spent so much time in the Commonwealth, the author does not touch frequently on the Australian soldier angle but he refers to the experi ences of a private as one of the worst instances of cruelty that came to notice. He writes:--"Owing to disability pro duced by numerous wounds, this man dawdled during a walk and was struck e times by the Mulazim to hasten his movements. Irritated beyond endurance and losing control of himself, he felled the Mulazlm with a blow of his fist. The Commandant undertook the business of punishment himself, flogging the man twice in a house near that occupied by the Russians, who heard his cries. We were greatly upset by the incident. - The language of vituperation, from all nation alities among the prisoners, pervaded the atmosphere, and sympathetic faces were turned towards the prison of the unfor tunate man." Medical observation showed how the monotony of imprisonment sapped energy. Dr. Brown writes:--"I noticed that officer-prisoners were able to main tain an interest in intellectual pursuits, without showing signs of boredom, for about eighteen months. Then, gradu ally, they began to lose interest or rather the capacity for concentration, and showed an increasing tendency to ,curse their bonds." Referring to Indians the author de clares that they gave up more quickly. One "used his pay to buy jewellery in the bazaar and had neglected to buy sufficient food to maintain health. The Turks allowed Indian officers the same rate of pay as British officers of corre sponding rank. It was higher than they had been- accustomed to, and enabled this man to indulge a weakness which had previously been restrained by lack of means; or perhaps it was an attempt to Introduce colour into the wearing mono tony of. prison life.. But he became melancholic. The medical officer at tended him assiduously and did his utmost to rouse him from lethargy but to no avail. He died, and his companion was transferred to Eskisehir where other Indians had been interned. We were depressed by such a tragedy happening to a man in the prime of vigorous man hood. An officer who had served for a long time in India, told me that Hindus not infrequently gave up the ghost and died when they contracted a mild illness, especially if they were sent into hospital He said they had the impression they were sent into hospital to die; the illness was not mortal, but the impression was." As an estimate of the honesty of the diverse races that go to make up the New East the author agrees with Lord Curzon who suggested that it took the wits of 4 Turks to over-reach 1 Frank 2 Pranks to cheat 1 Greek 2 Greeks to cheat 1 Jew 6 Jews to cheat 1 Armenian A store at Constantinople agreed to cash the cheques of war prisoners. Dr. Brown writes:-"These cheques were ap parently of great interest to the Com mandant. The interpreter had to read him particulars of them all. His educa tion benefited. One was presented by an Australian to be drawn on the Common wealth Bank of Australia. When it was translated to him, the Commandant ex hibited -great surprise and loudly asked: 'Is there a bank in Australia?' His sur prise was real, and his remark was not at all intended as a reflection on the Australians in the camp. Indeed it re presented a development from the notion the Turks had before Gallipoli, where they expected to find the Australians black." Then came the Armistice and free dom. Eventually, Dr. Brown began prac tice in Queensland. All through his book are historical references that are denied to the ordinary traveller.  i NEW EMPIRE AIR I SERVICE. I Eighteen Days Sydney to London. ROUTE ACROSS AFRICA. Changes in the Empire Air mall ser- vices, and the inauguration of a new route across Africa, will permit letton to be sent between London and Sydney in l8 days. Because of the war letters previously hain had to be sent a gieat part of the Joui ney by sea, and the time of transit has some- times been as long as five weeks The letters have been taken from Aus- tralia by air to Durban, and then sent on by boat to Britain The new ah service will go fiom Cali o to Lagos, Nlgeiia (3,500 miles), Lagos to Bathmst, Gambia (1,700 miles), Bathurst to Lisbon, Portugal (1,900 miles), and Lisbon lo England (1,200) It has been made possible bv the use of twin-engined Lockheed Lodestars, a laigrr type than the Lockheed M, Boeing flying boats, and four-engiiicd Ensign air lincM now fitted with American radial air-cooled engines of gi eat er horsepovvci than the type* previously used Novembei ali mall Aguíes show that thn i eduction from 1/6 to 9d a half ounce for air mail letters to ti oops in the Middle East, and fiom 9d to 5d for postcaids, lncicaoed the flying-boat loads from Sydney by about 30 per cent The December Increase In load- ing is greater RECORD PACIFIC AIR MAIL. Sa tui day's Tasman flying-boat brought to Sydney a lecord Pacific air mall, comprising alxiut 50,000 letters, which had been flov n to Auckland from San Fianclsco, Honolulu, Canton Island, and Noumea in the Pan Amcil nn Aii ways' Clipper  FASTER EMPIRE AIR MAILS. '-. London-Sydney in l8 Days. Plans to speed up the delivery oí air mails between Britain and Austialia fiom 35 days to l8 days had been com- pleted said Major .T R McCrindle deputy dnector-general of British Overseas Ah ways Coi pora tion who arrived at Rose Bay yesterday by flying-boat from Singapore When Italv entered the war the main- tenance section of Biltish Overseas Ah ways (the mergei company comprising Imperial Airways Lid and Biltish Atiwavs Ltd) was shifted to Durban he added The ali malls for Austialia had been sent by ship to Duiban ind theie transfeired to flying-hoats Majoi Medindie said that British Oveiseas Aliwavs had lcccivcd delivery of its oidci of Wiight Cvclone engines fiom Amciiea foi the Ensign hndplanes Although the engines had been delivered they could not be titled into the big machines because of a shortage of skilled labour When the Ensigns which cany 40 pa"_engeis fiist went into seiviee trouble was experienced with their engines and larger horse-power engines were ordered fiom Amenra It is common knowledge that wp lost two ni oin big Atlantic fljing-boats off Naivik he said They were bombed on the water Theie is therefoie no piospect of Pacific ex- tensions because every aircraft and all pel sonnel which can be spared are otheiwlse engaged The wai ip Africa has led tn the ron-ideia tion of alternativo mules but these foi ob- vious reasons cannot lie discussed My in- spection of the route from Durban to Svdnej has shown that the Empire air line is running smooth). 