 London says: "We can still take it" Knowing The Blitz, They Now Sigh For The Days When They Took Bombs "Straight" (Cabled from New York by Tom Gurr, editor of the Sydney "Sun" - exclusive to "The Sunday Times" in W.A.) Three thousand miles from London, I think I can get the right perspective on this year's biggest war story-the flying-bomb offensive on London. ' Everybody's interested to know how the Londoners are taking it, and I'm asked questions by people ranging from the Italian barber, who calls them "Dose rowboats," to the big businessman, who calls them, jocularly, "Those doodlebugs." Like many people remote from the reality, Americans understand that flying bombs are unpleasant, but they have no conception what this new onslaught on the world's greatest city really means. Here are a few facts: . Almost a million homes have been damaged by blast, from bombs. . Daily, many people are killed, and often hundreds are wounded. . Since June 13, the longest res- pite Londoners have had has been 20 hours. . Flying bombs are having deT finite effect on the people's effi- ciency, because practically every- body is getting too little sleep, and the constant alerts are disrupting work. . Hitler threatens to use rocket bombs 10 times bigger than flying bombs, and England's leaders be- lieve that this is no idle threat. When You've Seen 'em The Answer Is: In the past three weeks I have been in Prance. England, and America. People in America have been asking me questions that I'd probably be asked in Australia, Here are some of them (and I hope I might be supplying the answers to questions in my own country): . How does flying-bomb offensive compare with the blitz of 1940-41 ? This is my answer: To "discover Londoners' reac- tion. Ï interviewed people rang- ing from policeman patrolling the ruins of Shoe-lane to a company director in a Gracechurch-street office; from lift-drivers to news- paper sellers and railway porters. Twenty-nine said that flying bombs were worse than the blitz. In the blitz, raiders came at night and people knew when to expect them4 They had a break during the day to relieve the strain. Further, even when 1000 pounders were whistling down, they had the satisfaction of knowing that some of the Ger- mans in the sky were being knocked down. But for more than two months now, flying bombs have been coming over day and night in their diabolically impersonal war. This cumulative strain is harder to conquer than fear of the blitz ? at its savagest. The fact that Londoners are conquering it is part of their in surpassable courage. I Blocks Of Houses Become Useless In the blitz, bombs demolished single buildings, often many single buildings in a small area. A flying bomb, a ton weight, removes windows, doors, roofs over a radius of 300 yards. Blocks of houses become uninhabitable. For instance, I saw 27 houses in a suburban area so badly shat- tered by one flying bomb that every house had to be evacuated. Most of the houses were irrepar- able. In an older, closer-packed area, two streets of two-storeyed old- -style houses were rendered unin- habitable by one flying bomb. Early in the offensive a flyinq bomb crashed on an apartment house three doors from where I was living. That eight-storey building was wrecked and for three days they were digging foodies from the ruins. Every building within two blocks was damaged. In the large apartment house where I was living damage to windows and floors was estimated at £10,000. One Explosion 50,000 Windows This one explosion, it is esti- mated, broke 50.000 windows in the district and wrecked scores of roofs. . What's the state of Lon- doner's morale today ? This week in New York I heard one observer, who claims British nationality, and who has just re- turned from a flying visit to England, say that only Churchill's "end of the war in sight" state- ment prevented people in London demanding immediate peace nego- tiations. I can brand this as a stupid lie. Flying bombs came as a sick- ening blow to Londoners who had endured the blitz and a fi\e-year blackout and believed their trials were over. Defences At Highest Efficiency But they knew that London's civil defence services were at their highest state of efficiency to meet the new offensive, and from this they gained confidence. Also, nothing-I repeat nothing -can ever make English people quit-whether it be a Dunkirk or the wiping-out of their homes. It did not need even Churchill to tell them that victory was in sight. / #To what extent has the offensive affected London ? Damage to homes is already much greater than that caused by the 1941 blitz. About 1.000.000 people have been evacuated In two months. This, and the departure of hun- dreds of thousands of American soldiers to France, is responsible for practically deserted city streets and marked slackness in trade. . How lethal are flying bombs? One explosion killed 111, injured hundreds. I've seen t incidents more horrible than scènes on a battlefield-scores of men, vomen and children cut to plec°-3 by Ey- ing glass, shattered by blast. New Type Hard On Hie Nerves On the other hand, I've ,«een direct hits on apartment houses in which only half a dozen have been killed. Effect pf blast is un- predictable. The question is their effectiveness. The answer is that new gliding type which sneaks over the roofs is harder on the nerves. . What are London's de- fences ? ^ Thc first line consist of waves of bombers ceaselessly pounding j launching sites. The second comprises patrols of the world's fastest fighters, British Tempests, which attack flying bombs over the Channel and open spaces in southern England. The third, tremendous concentra- tion of ack-ack guns. The fourth a barrage of thousands of bal- loons. The fifth, another concen- tration of ack-ack as flying bombs being launched from Pas de Cal- j ais and from Belgium reach the j defensive arc. I . How many flying bombs have been launched; how many have beat the defences? At least 7250 have been launch- ed About 25 per cent, may get through. Some of these landed harmlessly in open country. The majority exploded in built-up areas. .0 How long will the offen- sive last ? Until our land forces occupy every available site within 200 miles of London, flying bombs will still come over. Because: Though Allied Air Forces destroy launching-sites by the dozen, more spring up over- night Final question: Will London still take it? Answer: Yes.  LONDON TO SYDNEY UNDER FOUR DAYS Air Travel After War LONDON. Mav 10— AAJP. In London on Friday night and in Sydney for breakfast on the fol lowing Monday — that was the. vision of the future ol air travel as told by Lord Knollys, chairman of the British Overseas Airways' Corporation, in a speech to the Royal Empire Society today. Lord Knollys gave this picture of a journey from London to Austra lia and New Zealand:— 'On the Friday evening vou will step into a large aircraft weighine; over 50 ? tons— as roomv as a Pullman car. You will fly comfortably at 20.000 or 30.000 feet, above the bad wea ther, cruising at between 230 and 250 tn.p.h Next morning you will be awakened In vour bunk with early morning tea to find yourself looking over the shores of the east ern Mediterranean 'After breakfast you will be on vour way to India, where you will arrive that same Saturday night. Then across India and on to Singa pore and Australia, reaching Syd ney on Monday morning in time to do your work, or on to New Zea land six or seven hours later 'That lourney will be for the man in a hurry, who will be able to do it without undue fatigue, but for those who wish to do it in a more leisurely manner, there will be intermediate services, enabling you to stay a night or more here and there.' Mrs. R. C. Allen was re-elected president of the higher primary school at Bordertown at the annual meeting, with Mrs. M. R. Smith vice-president, Mrs. H. Western secretary and treasurer, and Mrs. W Stone club hostess.  London to Sydney in Three Days MELBOURNE, M[onday.- Qanas Empire Airways Ltd. contemplated a three-day cervice hbetween'Sydney ind London after the war, said the Managing Director (Mr.' Hudsoli Fyish). Sleeper planes would fly. day an!ld night. .- " MIr. ?yai said that siice. July.J1043, Australia and Karaclhi had been linked by Catilinas in 48 hours, in eluding stops, rhich was .twice as fast as the old mpir e .flyinghboat The Catelini service hod eow been suppldmentcd b, a fisat :land-plane service known asn the t "KatgarooSer vice,'" fronl Alstirali to :Ceylou. This perinitted a passenger fromu 'ustraihli to be in Indiat in Iless than 24 hours.:  SYDNEY-LONDON IN THREE DAYS MELBORNE, Monday.—Qantas &nbsp; Empire Airways Ltd. contemplate &nbsp; a three-day service between Syd- &nbsp; ney and London after the war. Revealing this today, the Manag- ing Director of Qantas said that sleeper planes would fly day and night. Mr. Fysh said that in July, 1943, Australia and Karachi had been linked by Catalinas in &nbsp; 48 hours. &nbsp; &nbsp;  THREE DAYS SYDNEY TO LONDON QANTAS PLAN MELBOURNE, Mon.: Qantas Empire Airways, Ltd., contemplates a three-day service between Syd ney and London after the war. Stating this to-day tlie managing director of Qantas (Mr. Fysh) said that sleeper planes would fly day and night. Since July, 1943, Australia and Karachi had been linked by Cataluias in 48 hours, including stops— twice as fast as the old Empire flying boat service. This Catalina service had now been supplemented by a fast land plane service styled the 'Kan- garoo Service' running from Aus tralia to Ceylon. This service landed passengers from Australia In India in less than 24 hours.  SYDNEY-LONDON IN THREE DAYS Quantas Airways Plan MELBOURNE, Monday : Quantas Empire Airways Ltd., contemplates, a three-day service between Sydnev London after the war. Revealing this today the Managing Director iMr. Hudson Fvshi said sleeper planes which fly ' dav and night would be used Since July. 1943, Australia-Karachi hnr hn/%11 litiW.rl w.. ? In hours, including sloes— twice' as fast as the old Empire flying boat service. This Catalina service had oeen s.ei blemented by fast land planes termed 'The Kangaroo Semice.' runnuv; from Australia to Ceylon. This ser vice permitted passengers to be in In dia in less than 24 hours.  LONDON TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS LONDON'. Ma\ II. — London «li I ridav night. Sydney for break fast *'-n the following Monday, is Ihe vision of future air travel lold ity Lord Rnollys. speaking to the p'ov?i Empire Society when he 'avc this oicture cf a journey irom i.ondon to Australia and New Zealand: 'Vo-.i :n the tvenmc. a^ep Ir.'u p.'le.rg c d.rcrsil weighing over 5»i ton*. : 00 my as a Pullman car. You wi;i fly comtortably at 20.000 oi 30.' J0 lee: over bad weather. cr.::.-:n^ :.eiween 230 and 259 zriicl- hcurly and ultimately more. 'Next morning you will be awake-eo in your bunk with early mornins lea. and find yourself i'jukir.g** ov er the shores of the Mediterranean. A :*er breskfsst you f ill be or. \ our v.-gy to India, where you will rrrive that same Saturday night. ?'Acroai India you will go to Singapore and Australia, reaching Svdney on the Monday morning tri time for your work.' 