 Catholic Relief Pours into Stricken Flood Areas LONDON (By Air Mail), Feb. 15. "Practical, Spontaneous and Universal" Response From Vatican City and from Catholic Action organizations in Europe and America relief in money and goods is pouring into the flood areas of Hol- . land, Belgium and Britain. In addition, relief teams have been rushed to the evacuee centres and were at work there within a few days of the catastrophe. The speedy mobilization of resources by the French Catholic Aid organization, Secours Catholique, and Italy's Catholic Action, together with the instant and efficacious response of the Pontifical Assistance Commission, has greatly impressed the whole populations of the stricken countries. In Sydney the St. Vincent de Paul Society is handling the relief appeal and in Melbourne the Catholic Welfare Organization has already sent a shipment of goods and, as reported last week, is urgently appealing for clothing, tinned foods, and donations in cash. From Our London Correspondent T3RITAIN, where the toll of death and suffering, though severe, has been far below that in Holland, is today conscious of the help given by the Holy See. Personal gifts, totalling £3600, reached the Apostolic Delegation in London last week from the Pope. With them came the offer from the Pontifical Assistance Commission of accommodation in its seaside and mountain camps and its homes for homeless children. Secours Catholique sent Britain £3000, while contributions were made by several other Catholic organizations abroad. The Holy See followed a donation of £18,000 to Holland and Belgium with a shipment of oranges and tangerines and a trainload of food for children. These gifts were accompanied by the assurance that a papal relief centre for the children would be opened immediately, and an offer to take into the papal holiday camps and homes, 2000 children from Holland and 1000 from Belgium. Mgr. Ferdinand • Baldelli, president of the Pontifical Relief Commission, journeyed immediately into the flood areas and supervised the distribution of the food and clothing sent by Catholic agencies. These include money and goods raised by the small population of Vatican City in response to an appeal by their vicargeneral, Mgr. Peter Van Lierde. HELP FROM ITALY Perhaps the most edifying aspect of the relief work has been the spontaneous and generous help given by Italy, particularly bv that section of the people who 'suffered so badly in the Po Valley and southern floods of nearly two years ago. The people of Parma, which experienced the Po Valley floods, offered .the Pontifical Relief Commission a mobile relief column, staffed by doctors, chaplains and nurses and equipped with field kitchens and a mobile hospital of 150 beds. In many of die big towns, including Rome, church collections were taken and other forms of help were organized by the civic authorities. Realizing their strategic position at the terminal of air routes from the stricken countries, the people of the small town of Ciampino, on the outskirts of Rome, opened their homes to Dutch and Belgian children. A similar offer was made by the Boys' Town of Caltagirone. Among the planes operating a hastily organized air lift from Italy to Holland and Belgium was the personal aircraft of President Einaudi. From France streamed convoys of goods bearing the labels of Secours Catholique. Through housing is still a serious problem in France, offers to receive refugee children poured in to Cardinal Feltin from all parts of his diocese and similar offers were received by other French bishops. Cardinal Feltin, in a statement this week, described the response of his people as "practical, spontaneous-and universal." Although hundreds of Catholic families have had their homes damaged, and several scores are among the homeless, loss of life is not so great as was originally feared. Church property, too, escaped comparatively lightly. Among the dead is a Catholic crippled woinan who gave her life to save a neighbouring family. She was Miss Marie Miles, of Javwick, Clacton, who for years had been confined to an invalid, chair. When the sea defence wall cracked, she refused to leave her home near the shore until she had warned a family living further inland, of their danger. She got her message through, as a result of which the family reached safety, but she herself missed a rescue boat and was swept away. The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Harwich, which was submerged to a depth of 12 feet, is today clear of water and the parishioners have begun the task—which will take several weeks—of clearing the mud and slime. On all parts of the inundated coast parishioners are working with fellow-citizens through the night repairing the sea defences. Their work was rewarded this weekend when the walls held during the spring tides. Bishop Cowderoy, of Southwark, last Monday, toured the parishes of his diocese which has suffered, and spoke to homeless **Catholics. Abortion Bills Reopens Mother or Child Controversy The Mother or Child controversy of 1951 has been re-opened by the introduction into the House of Commons of a private Bill seeking to legalize abortion in certain circumstances. It will be given its second reading on 27 February. There are only two clauses in the measure, both intended as amendments of the Offences against the Person Act of 1861. The first is designed to secure immunity for a person who performs an abortion "in good faith for the purpose of preserving the life of the mother." The second allows the operation to be performed by a doctor acting with the concurrence of another doctor if the act is done in good faith to prevent injury to the mother in body or health. In each case the onus of proving bad faith rests with the prosecution. Catholic doctors have taken up the challenge to Christian morality contained in the Bill and have urged all Catholics to protest through their parliamentary^ representatives. One of London's foremost gynaecologists and obstetrical surgeons, Mr. J. Lyle Cameron, has described the measure as "a direct, open and flagrant contradiction of the most solemn Catholic teaching regarding the inviolability of every innocent human life." He points out that the Bill, if it became law, would open the way" to any unqualified and untrained person to perform an abortion without any fear of the consequences, as "good faith" could be. established merely by the threat of the pregnant woman— which could well be arranged—to put her, head in a gas oven if the operation were not carried out. "The excuse for good faith could easily be found and unshakably asserted by the medical practitioner as easily as it could be obtained and asserted by the unqualified person," he adds. "It would indeed be a formidable undertaking for any court of. law to prove a lack of good faith in any given case." Dr. W. B. J. Pemberton, master of the Catholic doctors' Guild of St. Luke, SS. Cosmas and Damien, envisages a situation in which abortionists will be regarded as life preservers and doctors who oppose the practice "held up publicly as unfit, not only to prac- . tise their profession, but to have any employment under the State." Malayan Girl Heroine Now attending St. Francis's College, Letchworth, Herts., prepara- tory to entering a university, is 16-year-old Dawn Kathigasu, a Malayan Catholic who) after the war, was cited by the Malayan Government for her heroism. During the Japanese occupation her parents were members of a Resistance group. They were arrested in 1943 and the mother, Mrs. Sybil Kathigasu, was tortured in a vain attempt to make her betray her colleagues. Then the six-year-old Dawn was suspended over a fire in front of her mother. Though in great pain, she implored her mother to remain silent. Mrs. Kathigasu, who was awarded the George Cross, died at Lanark, in Scotland, four years ago. Dawn was sent to England on an eight-year Malayan Government scholarship to study medicine. National Triduum for Coronation The Bishops of England and Wales have responded. to the Queen's request for prayers at the time of her Coronation by order- ing a national triduum of prayer which will end with evening Mass in every parish church. The triduum will be held on the three days prior to the Coronation—from 30 May to 1 June— and the Mass will be offered at 8 p.m. on the final day. Intention of the devotions is that God may bless the Queen and her realms. All Catholics have been urged to attend the evening Mass. This is the first evening Mass to be announced in this country since the -Apostolic Constitution, Christus Dominus, conceding the privilege of evening Mass to the universal Church on specified Reds Encourage Children to Inform on Parents Czechoslovakia's Communists are repeating the tactics adopted by the Nazis by encouraging children to turn informers against their parents, says Veritas, bulletin of the Czech Catholic information bureau in Rome. A circular letter has been sent by the national security force to senior schools, asking the children for their "collaboration" in hunting down the enemies of the State. "Have no fear of apptoaching us in the streets or in our offices. We are always pleased to see and chat with you," says the communication. This move has already met with some success. Children have replied to say that they will do all they can to discover and reveal the State's enemies. A refugee has reported to Veritas that a prisoner in the notorious Leopold prison, from which he had escaped, is Bishop Gojdic, of Presov, who is kept in an isolation cell. Seven more religious houses have been seized by the State and turned into barracks, hostels and a prison. Three Causes of World Discontent Pleading in his Lenten pastoral for a return to the fundamental principles of Christianity, Archbishop Downey, of Liverpool, cites as the three main causes of the world's present discontents, exaggerated nationalism, materialist economics and spiritual bankruptcy. "World wisdom in the form ^ of secularism has failed to bring peace and tranquillity to the troubled souls of men," he says. "Instead, it has brought hatred, strife, war, hunger, disease, misery and death. And there will be no real peace on earth till men return to the true wisdom from above, which is the only sure foundation of law and order." The "Archbishop recalls the industrial evils denounced by Pope Leo XIII in the days when workers were described as "hands." 'It is still to be recognized fully that they have souls," he comments. Derelict farmhouse on Foulness Island recent disastrous floods. More than described as in the Thames Estuary stands on a knoll and gives refuge to cattle in the 17,000 lives were lost in Britain and the Low Countries in what has been the worst storm to hit Europe in 250 years.  In days of moral muddle JllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIHIilllllllHHIIIHIIIHIIIIIIIHIlUHHHIItlllllHIIIIIIIIil- | ALCESTIS AND OTHER PLAYS , by Euripides. Penguin Bookshop. | E Price, 3/3. 5 | THE LIVING ROOM, by Graham Greene. London: Heinemann. | = Sydney: Angus and Robertson. Price, 72/6. S I THE BAIKIE CHARIVARI, by James Bridie. London: Constable, | Sydney: Grahame's. Price, 10/9. | — Here are three plays, divided by 2500 years i of history, which deal with much the same sub- ject — the decline of a civilised tradition. Euripides was born in 484 B.C. and died in 407. He was an Athenian Greek living at a time when totalitarian Sparta was slowly strangling democratic Athens. It was an era of political and moral confusion sadly reminiscent of civilisation to day. Old standards and beliefs had crumbled, new standards and beliefs had not risen to ; replace them. "Words were made to change their ordinary mean ings," lamented the historian Thucydides, "and to take on newly imposed ones. ... "The ancient simplicity into which honor so largely entered was laughed dowp and dis appeared . society became divided into two camps in which no man trusted his fellow "Meanwhile, the moderate part of the citizens perished between the two, either for not joining in the quarrel or because envy would not suffer them to escape. . . ." The old Greek dramatists (Aeschylus and Sophocles were the masters) celebrated the heroism of men, the great ness of the Gods, and "the old eternal justice." But Euripides is agnostic, pessimis tic, disillusioned, doubtful about gods and men. The central figure, or tragic hero, ,of his dramas, says Philip Vellacott, who edits this Penguin Classics edition of three Euripidean plays (Hippolytus, Iphigenia in Taris and Alcestis) , is not any individual but humanity itself. "If there is a lesson to be drawn," Mr. Vellacott adds, "it is that in a world contain ing incalculable forces, both of good and evil, a man can hope to preserve happiness only by the utmost care, humility, patience and charitableness." by the utmost care, humility, patience and charitableness." Graham Greene and James Bridie illustrate something of the same social and moral muddle in the modern world. Mr. Green's play is about a middle-aged psychiatrist in love with a young Catholic girl who is even more desper ately in love with him. The girl's uncle is a crip pled Catholic priest who lives with two eccentric maiden sisters in a queer house where nobody is allowed to use a room in which anyone has died. There are some thought- provoking discussions between the psychiatrist and the priest, who seem equally hopeless to cope with what after all is a relatively common human situation. Finally, the psychiatrist sticks to his emotionally blackmailing wife and the girl commits suicide. The whole thing is a defeat ist muddle in which nobody has any clear idea where they are going or why. Which suggests, whatever Mr. Greene means to the con trary, that neither the priest nor the psychologist is very good at his job. T JL N contrast, the late James Bridie's last play is a cheerful comedy full of verve and vim and witty, pungent, rhetorical words. But, like all good comedy, Bridie's comedy gets under the skin of things. The story is a modern adap tation of Punch and Judy, with Sir James Mac Arthur Pounce-Pellott, K.C.I.E., a -retired Indian civil servant, I as Punch. Sir James, in accordance with an old Punch tradition, is also a projection of Pontius Pilate. Sir James' problem is to adapt himself to the 20th cen tury in Scotland and he takes a good many verbal buffets from the Beadle, the Hang man, the Clown, the Doctor, and . the other traditional characters, all brought up to date. The Hangman, for instance, is a town councillor and a Communist, the Doctor a female psychiatrist, and the Witch a publisher's agent from America trying to in veigle. Sir James into writing up his memoirs into a best- selling fantasy of "trumpets, elephants and cloth of gold." Like Pontius Pilate, Sir James tries to keep an open mind, and he is tempted by the easy and the obvious ex planations. But he clings to his concep tion of the white man's burden. "Must I stand and be crushed like a bug?" he roars and lays about him. "I have washed my hands of my God and killed Him. . . . Therefore, I must be punished. But, by 'the God I sold, I will not go quietly." One way and another Sir James (who is Punch and Pontius Pilate, as well as a bearer of the White Man's burden) disposes of those who tempt him to be agnostic be tween order and disorder. He cannot eliminate the Devil, the principle of evil in the world, as easily as he dis poses of his doubts and fears and hesitations. But he stands up to Old Nick, ready to take his medi cine for his own shortcomings. "Weel, James Mac Arthur Pontius-Pilate, ye've had a braw bourackie hereways," says the De'il at the end. "Have you come to take me?" asks Sir James. "I was wondering." "I'm ready." "I'm thinking you've jouked me for the moment. It may be you've jinked me a'the- gither. Time will tell us." — Norman Bartlett 