 A LAME TELEGRAPHIC SERVICE. NINE HOURS FROM PERTH TO SYDNEY. The Electric Telegraph Department does ex cellent work as a rule, and is usually expe ditious. But it has a lame leg. Its Wost Aus tralian scrvlco is perhaps the worst of its kind in' tbo world, and docs not deserve to be culled au electric telegraphic service at all. Tho com munication is lame and halting, and tho mutter is one which the Federal administration should lose no time In rectifying. A message can be transmitted from London to Sydney in less than an hour; yet it takes nearly nine hours to got a pi'oss messago from rertli, not whou the lines aro broken dou'u, but when they aro presumably . worklug in good order. j "The Daily Telegraph" message on Tuesday j last, reporting tho release of Mr. "W. N. Willis, has lodged at Perth at 5.45 p.m. on tho 18th lust. Broached Adolaldo at 12.30 a.m. on tho 19th, having occupied no loss than six hours 45 min utes un the journey! Tbo messago was at once rn-dlspatclied from the South Australian capi tal. Its opening passages reached Sydnoy at 1. 10 a. in., tlio last portion arriving at 2.30 o'clock, too Into for lisc in the' largo edition of "Tho Dally Telegraph," which is sent away by tho morning trains. Wo owe an apology to our readors for this omission, which was not caused, howevor, by any fault of ours." Our costly arrnugemonts for ohtainlng information fully, and promptly aro all frustrated by tbo snail's pace at which tho Postal Department works its West Australian service. The splendid performances which have been put up by tho export telegraphists of tho | New South Wales head and branch offices- on big occasions, prove conclusively that, assuming ' tlio men in tho other States aro as good, tho fault does not Ho with tho operators. There Is evidently some grave hitch somewhere, probably In tho arrangement of the business of tlio inter state lines, and it belidvos 'the Posfmastov- (lonoral to give the matter his earnest atten tion, in ordor to save the reputation of his. department. 