 DAY LOST IN TRANSIT OF MAILS 12 Hours Wasted at Perth I SYDNEY', Tuesday. ; "The P. and O. and Orient mails i could be accelerated by a rcvcr- i slon to the pre-war time of transit . across Europe, the present time being 146 hours from London I to Port baid as against IL"1 hours j pre-war a loss of 31 hours," j This statement was made by Mr K. 'B. Tredwon, chairman of the Austra lian section of the London Chamber of Commerce, who has been making in quiries as to the possible acceleration of the mail service to Australia. ! "On arrival at Fromantle," continues Mr Tredwon, 'something might be done by the Commonwealth Govern ment in making the mails the first consideration. It is useless to arrive , earlier than 6 a.m. as the port medical owicer is not avanaoie netore mat time. I "If Australia is anxious to accelerate , her mail transit it would be worth while to arrange matters so that the port health officer is waiting and ready i to meet the ship on her arrival, and it is equally obvious that malls should ; be landed at once and not delayed for I three hours while the passengers and i crew are inspected by the doctor. "Moreover, when the mail is landed : at Fremantle it waits for a whole dav ! and is despatched from Perth at 1" p.m. Another 12 hours is wasted here. MKTiBOriiXTC INCONVENIENCED "The mail train Is timed to arrive at Adelaide 7.50 p.m. Sunday; Melbourne 1.3 p.m. Monday; Sydney 10.45 a.m. Tuesday; Brisbane 6,40 p.m. Wednes day. The transit from Perth to Bris bane, therefore, consumes nearly a week, and by the delay of 12 hours in despatch from Perth a whole work ing day is lost at Brisbane. "Similarly at Melbourne the mail is at present timed to arrive in the after noon and is presumably not delivered i until towards the closo of the working i day, whereas a prompt despatch from Perth would give delivery at Mel bourne at the opening of business, thus gaining a whole working day without any acceleration, by merely cutting out a delay. "The programme for the homeward journey might be shortened in a simi lar way. "The Commonwealth Government Line of steamers through the Suez i Canal has hitherto taken a mall at Plymouth, but negotiations arc pro ceeding with the Postmaster-General for a mall to be despatched, on the Thursday following such steamers sailing, with the Indian mail to Port Said for transfer to the Common wealth steamer, thus saving five days." 