 MIALS TO AUSTRALIA TWELVE HOURS WASTED AT PERTH. Sydney, Wednesday. “The P. and O. and Orient, mails c[?]ld be accelerated by a reversion to the pre-war time of transit across Europe, the present time being 346 hours from, l/oudoii to Port- Saul, os against 115 hours pre-war—;i loss, of 31 ,hours.'’. • , , THs statement was made by Mr B Tredweii (chairman of the Austra lian section., of the Loudon Chamber of' Commerce), who lias been making .inquiries •as to the nossible aocelera hVn o' i he-iinil service to Australia. “On: arrival at Fremantle,” contin--: lies' Mr T red wen, ..“something might, be done in making the'mails the first con-: sifWat’km. It is useless .to arrive ’earlier than’6 a.m.. as the port medi cal oTicer is not available before that tim&lt;\ “If Australia is- anxious to acccler her mail transit it would be worth v.hi'o 'te arrange matters so that- the "ort h-alth officer is waiting and reany t,i meet ! lie shin eu her arrival, and it is erpi-Vy obvious that mails should I>° landed nt onr r ' and not- delayed for tines hours while Hie passengers and '-row are inrtiTc'ed by the doctor. “Moreover, when the mail is land ed at Fremantle it waits for a whole cl"v. and is despatched from Perth.at iff' p.in. Another 12 hours is wasted 'mET.BOIT.IEXE I.NCON VJiiN'l ISNCKI). “The mail train is timed to arrive at Adelaide• at T.'-tO jj.iu. Sunday; Mel bourne 1.3 p.in. Monday; Sydney iu.4o a.rii. Tuesday; Brisbane (5.40 p.m. Wednesday. The transit-from .Perth to Brisbane,.'therefore, consumes nearly a. week, rind by the delay of. 12 hours in despatch- from Perth a whole work ing day lost' at Brisbane. “Similarly at Melbourne the mail is at present timed to arrive in the af ternoon, and is presumably not de livered .until towards the close of the •working, day. whereas a prompt de spatch from Perth would give delivery at Melbourne at the. opening of busi ness-, thus "aiding a'fchole working day without aiiy acceleration by merely cutting dub a delay. “The programme - for the homeward journey might he shortened.in a simi lar way. “The Commonwealth Government Line of Steamers through the Suez Canal has hitlirto taken a mail at Ply mouth. hut negotiations are proceeding y.-ith fbe Postmaster-General for a mail to’ be despatched on tlie_ Thursdav fol lowing such steamers sailing, with the Indian mail to Port- Said for transfer to . the Ciromonwealth steamer, thus saving :five,days”?, 