 ATTEMPT BY ON PEHTHSYDKEY RECOUP FLIGHT DELAY KU ai HOCUS OWING TO BAD WEATHER Mr. G. Tallish, manurer nf tlio j Vacuum (lil Company, has been ad- vised hy telegram tlint Mr. Kingsford rSii.itIi muí Ju« partner. Mr. Keilli An- derson. \vlu> proposed leaving Perth nt daylight this inorniiur in an endeavor to lower lin.» aeroplane record flight from IVrth io Sydney, have been de- layed lor "¿4 hours on urcuiim ol unfav- orable weather. The aviators nits ex- ported to reaeh here on Saturday even- ing. alni Mr. Tallish luis bern instruc- ted t>> havo ready for ihein Hume motor spirit and Mohiloil JUL Ho is altio to provide assistance for (he |i||. Hig ot the tank». 1 Mr. Smith .and Mr. Anderson aro using for tho Hight two Bristol «oro planes fitted with 240 horsepower Puma engines. Jt was originally the inten- tion ol tho aviators to fly* from Perth lo .Melbourne, but. they* have appar- ently now decided to malte their course from Perth to Sydney. They will tako I in supplies nt Wirraminna (South Aus- i Italia) and will then cuno on direct to Broken Hill. Mr. Tain.sh has been asked to take I tho time ol tho arrival of tho aviators and to advise Sydney of this and tho time they expect tn reach the capital, j Two mechanic!* will accompany tim j aviators, and a representative ol' ' "Smith's Weekly'' news]>apcr will also | l>o on board one of tho 'pianos. j Lieutenant Briggs, a pilot of Aus- j italian Aerial Services Ltd., who has j visited Broken Hilt on several own- ; sii.ns, (ho last on the trip in which ho In might, to the city Lord Stonehaven, i ho Governor-General, has to his credit ! the shortest time for a flight from coast ! io coast, this hoing made when ho larricd the late Mr. ('. .1. l>o Gnris from wost to east in five days. Mr. Smith luis hud four yenrs' ser- vice with the West Australian Air- ways, and Mr. Anderson nearly three years. Mr. Smith, although born in Brisbane. lived in New South Wales lor a number of years, and he mudo a name for himself in the I'nifed States after the war by doing stunting and wing walking for motion pictures. He is 'il) years of age. Both of tho aviators have good war records. Tesis of tho two machines woro car- ried out on Tuesday hy pilots, who afterwards announced themselves tu ho satisfied. The normal cruising speed of i he luo TSi-jslol aeroplanes, which ii. is intended io maintain throughout tho Ihrer days' run. is Si) miles an hour. Gu tho first day it is planned to cover '.»l'J miles, and tho final landing place before reaching Sydney will be either at or in the vicinity of Pnrkes. Ono of tho mechanics is Mr. !R. Hitchcock, who accompanied Mr. Smith on tho first aerial trip when ibo north-west muil service was intro- duced some years ago. 