 2300 MILES IN 30 HOURS Air Dash Ends HEAD WINDS FROM PERTH TO SYDNEY" (By Onr Speclnl Rcprcscntntlvc) SV DNEY, Monday. — The two aeroplanes, piloted by Messrs. Keith Anderson and C. Kingford Smith, in a dash across Australia from Peith. reached Sydney at 9.20 a.m. today. They loft Porth on Friday and covered approximately 2300 miles In 39 dying hours. . . They bnttleil against head winds practically the whole way The pilots wore accompanied- by H. s Hitchcock, mechnnlc. And Mrs Mar shall, who Incidentally, wns the nrat woman to dy neross Australia When the planes took off at Perth Anderson was a sick man. but he was out to break tli record, and he fought against his Illness. However, tho head winds prevented any great speed, and at ' Boulder he was so 111 that ho had to rest for three hours. This did htm good, and ho wns much « ,.r, wben the n|eht was resumed. Although the- record, across Aus- tralla was not. broken, the two pilots said that If they had not had head winds practically all tho way— the only favorable breeze being this morning from Pnrkes. which thoy left at 7 o clock — thoy would have gone very close to It. ALMOST FROZEN It was bitterly cold dying over the mountains this morning. Klngsford Smith said that he was nearly frozen tn the cock-pit, and had some dlfli- cutty In handling the Joy stick. Tho airmen do not Intend to maice nnolhor attempt on tho record, as they have other plans in view. Both are old war pilots. Their machines are Br'stol tourers, which have had six years' service with West Australian Airways, in which service Anderson and Kingsford Smith wore engaged. Anderson, before he commenced the long flight, had not been In the air for three years. He confessed that he was almost a condi ntcd land lubber. but he could not res st the trip to Sydnoy After about twenty minutes' practice he was ready to be gin his night. "You. never- forgot how to dy," ho lt tided with a smilo. ADELAIDE TO SYDNEY ADELAIDE. Monday.— Mr S. L. Tyler, secretary of the Sydney Aero Club, with his brother (Mr L. N. Tyler), left at 9 a.m. today; In perfect weather, for thc returh (light to Syd ney. via Mlldura and Hay. The nvlators expect to reach Syd noy on Tuesday afternoon. They ar rived In Adelald, from Melbourne las' Thursday. 