 "WEST TO EAST! ! É Flight from Perth. 25 HOURS TO SYDNEY. Cnptnln Gordon C. Wilson, who left Perth by aeroplano on Thursday last, reached Mas- cot aerodrome yesterday. His actual flying time between the western and eastern capitals was 25 hours 8 minutes. "It was the most enjoyable flight I have ever undertaken," declared Captain Wilson. "Perfect conditions prevailed throughout the Journey, and no difficulty from an aviation point of view appeared to exist anywhere along the route. A successful landing can be effected anywhere, except, of course, on the Blue Mountains range, which was the only aroa traversed that would present any I disability In case of emergency," Captain Wllsc.i pointed out that ha would ' have reached Sydney much sooner but for the fnct that he encountered tyre trouble. He attributed this to the rough surfaces at places chosen by him to land, and on each occasion repairs had to be carried out before he would continue the Journey. He also sustained a damaged tall skid at Cook, on the transcon- tinental railway line. His engine, which was a Bristol tourer of the type used by Kings- ford Smith and Keith Anderson on thoir round-Australia flight, he explained, behaved perfectly. For the greater part of the flight from Parkes to Sydney Captain Wilson guided his machine with the aid of a com- pass, and flew most of the time at a height of 10,000 feet, In order to be above the clouds. From Perth to Broken Hill Captain Wilson had as passengers Messrs. A. C. McMurtrie and F. W. Buchan. The former disembarked at Broken Hill, while Mr. Buchan came to Syd- ney with the avlntor. The following table, supplied by Captuln Wilson on reaching Sydney yesterday. Indi- cates the actual flying hours, and distances covered since leaving Perth: Miles. Flying (approx.) time. Perth to Boulder . 325 .. 4h 30m Boulder to Naretha _ 200 .. 2h 20m Narehta to Cook . 300 .. 3h 30m Cook to Warramlnna ..300 .. 3h 45m Warriminna to Broken Hill 325 .. 4h 16m Broken Hill to Parkes ..400 .. 4h 20m Parkes to Sydney . 200 .. 2h 25m Total . 2050 .. 25h 6m Captain Wilson said that he proceeded to Perth recently In order to purchase the Bris- tol tourer for the Wilson Air Service, Ltd., which is engaged In commercial aviation, with hoadquartors at Mascot aerodrome. Before leaving Perth he Inspected and reported upon various landing grounds there which were considered suitable for tho Southern Cross, which Is shortly to visit that city. Yesterday afternoon Captain Wilson flew from Mascot to Richmond with some equip- ment for the Southern Cross, 