 Our Ohin Gitic Attractive Body Styles of New Chevrolet Six—Perth to Sydney Light Car • Record of Five Days 20 Hours— Night Sales of Petrol. Convertible landan Sedan. A NEW body style takes Its place la the new Chevrolet line. It Is the : convertible landau sedan, •whleli the top renr quarter may ha completely folded down. This model' haB the semi-open car elfect, with full closed car protection, quite In the prevailing mode, and hitherto found only In the . higher price Held. Full provision has been made In this new Job for comfort, no matter what the weather. It Is posslblo to raise or lower the rear quarter in a few min utes without stepping outBldo the car and by a single operation that Involves no exertion. The convertible landau sedan, with itB open-air comfort for the warm days and Its luxurious wentlierproof Interior In the wintry wenthor—tho change brought' about easily and quickly—Is particularly well suited for a variable climate like that of Australia. • The car Is finished In Crockett brown, with mouldings of Mlstlne grey, and striped In burning bush orange. Upholstery Is in rich brown blush and Union .cloth. The top, inoludlng tho folding rear quar ter, Is carried, out in tan fabric. v ,■ The "Ohev." Tourer. rpHE now Chevrolet tourer car has • tho "appearance of a larger car than formerly because tho height of -.be body has been Increased. It now has" a 'wider, more comfortcble body than Its predecessor. Moulding on the body follows the most modora fashion, giving the' sought-for appear ance'of extra length. A smart note Is the new windshield, which folds, forward lr sporting fashion. The nuw tourer Is available In two attractive color combinations—Morrlmao beige, with moulding of belgo brown and sttlplng of mountain ash scarlet! an 1 Pelham blue, with black mouldings and striping of Picador cream. Equip-, tnent on the touring, as on ether pas ******* *************** ***** songor models, includes four hydrau-' lie shock absorbers for easy riding roar-door Sedan. • ; - ■ 1 fpH E four-door Chevrolet sedan Is characterised amongst, other., now oasO/'of entrance and exitcCommo dlpiis/yessentlally touching ahlghVdo ' greii'qf comfort, and '-artistically,: ap pointed, the sedan Is also featured In two' exclusive color' combinations— Safari' blue, with mouldings and door ■window; insets- of: Saratoga s 'blue; striped'In gold; and moiintnln brown ilurk.wlth mouldings and, door ;lwlu dow 'insets of ■Moorish' brown;' .'the ortectlvo striping Is In flamingo .rod SportsBodies. . A".-SMART model Is tho convertible ... sports Cabriolet, which b quickly convertible; Into, a .sport roadster by loty'oflng :tlio top. Tho-convertible Cabriolet Is1 finished In dclphlno .blue nnd:.trlanon'bltio and dtrlpcd In t'uslc lvoryjr .Vcry attractivc la', tho -spurt; roadster,Which, like the. tourer,', has a folding forward windshield. Carried out In abhott grey - with mouldings of: oea fog groy nnd striping-.of burning hush orange, tho sport roadster gains an added note of distinction from fen ders,' running board aprons and front splash apron finished in sea fog grey. Tho f sport roadster la equipped with bumpers and bumperettes of now de sign'.! The- roadster Is'"'also carried out in'now colors—morrlmao belgn and , pollmm'blue, and Illto tho otlior open! models has tho wlndshlold that folds forward. • Business Coup.. ■ VNTIRELY new the business coupe' • ! "Is Ideal for tho professional and business man or woman embodying as It' does the attributes of six cylinder power,' speed, and smoothness .With • economical perforfnanco.. Tho busj nOBS coupe Is finished In salarl blue vith mouldings nnd door window Insols or Saratoga blue, and Is striped In gold.Upholstery Is carried out - In blue leather. All models of the now Chovrolot Six line are equipped for full driving/safety, comfort, and con venience. New bodies are the roBUlt | of careful and conscientious mauu facture; the lines of fashion embodied with painstaking core nnd absolute ] precision of manufacture. It 'Is per fectly plain that the most beautiful I and comfortable cars In every price t'lacs are precisely tlioso built to the (lnest standards. The fact that they are so recognised has helped to crcalo tho world demand for tho products of lonoral Motors—and now, comes Chevrolet-- wltli Its new order of de- • sign and adding yet further evidence -of Its beauty and substantial worth. light Car Itecord. THRIVING a Riley 9-h.p. four-cylinder' * , car, Mr. D. H. Antlll arrived In Sydney on Monday after-having cov or'ed .the dlstandn from Perth to Syd ney In live days 20 hours. Tills mar vellous time lowors the previous trans continental light .car..record by two days 10 hours 30 minutes, and tills In spite of;the: fact-that Mr.' Antlll- was held up for nlno hours bythiclt fog. Mr. Antlll's Itlloy was shod wltli Aus tralian-made. Rapson- tyres, which, lib said, gave lilm extremely good -ser vice.- The treads, when examined In Sydney, were'- practically , unmarlred, and throughout tho run, only, two punc tures were experienced, .both being due' to accidents. Plume motor spirit and Moblloll liihrlcant were used. ' Innocent law Breaker's. O.ARAGE proprietors, who' assombled J?-at tho• offlcot-Of.' the,-Chief Inspec tor of Factories and Shops; last nlglit to discuss thaduhstlon of determining tho hours-of trading in petrol and oils, wero.amazed .to-learn that they had for,years'been daily committing technical broaches of tho law. The Director of Labor (Mr. F. W. Walsh) explained that garages and tilling sta tions, which, In tho.past four and a half. years,. had sold motor spirit and oil after '6.30 p.m., had- boen liable to prosecution under tho Factories and Shops Acts. ' Yot the same, commodi ties, ho added, might have boon,sold by chemists with perfect legality! It Was not possible for the hours to bo regulated until such. tlmo as the Per vice stations wore exempted under the: Factories arid Shops Acts. Do spite-the. fact that petrols and oils were exempt- commodities, tho ser vice stations* had not been Included as exempt businesses. Tho meeting decided to petition tho Government for an-Order In ..Council exempting servlc'o stations. 