 35 HOURS SYDNEY TO PERTH 'PLANE-RAIL PLAN \ V'lTH a view of demonstrating what can be accomplished by air and rail co-ordJUiaUou, Australian Aerial Ifctllways Department are completing arrangements for a combined air and rail Journey across the continent to take place shortly. Announcement oi unt; unc i* cuimn pent upon nn aerodrome nnd hftngftr be inp mjidft available at Port Augusta. Breakfast may be taken In Sydney one d:-y. and dinner In Perth the next day, 35 Aeroplane and trMn, wi--king to a can-fully co-ordinatrd fciicdulr, will cm.r ui egress tpi ed (he 2167 direct nitlfs between coast and const. 'Ihe tk-nioiLstratiun Ls nut, Intended to he a rerrird-breaklnc. event in the ordln nrv f.TW of the term, for It will be exe m-.-d unrtcr conditions which will r.ilord p:\.wnecrs nil th'' ci-mforl lhat a Iruvrl Irr on a lone rr.m«-rontinontal Journey h^r a rich1 In expect. 1 here will hi- no nlRht flyine. The dnvtlglit wilt be spent in nrrlal sisht F.-nnir dnrkm-M will lind the traveller .'?il.'d In n train, with hot. and cold bntlis. dinine uilonn, and sleeping apartments ut Ills disposal. Fr'm Sydney, passengers will fly tin ili-r .sure conditions direct to P.irt Annum, thenre travelling by train to rmMr-a, nnd ennlinulnc the Journey from th'Te lo Pt-rlh by air. j The follonlnc comparative Spires. Bivrn approximately only, will help to! mnke elmr the advantages which will I f'lll'-w 'h* f^tnlilblilng ol a regularly | r-indurtiyi aero-rail tram-contlnenlal From Svdnrv to Prrth bv mil:— Dls nnce i'Mt miles; time taken. 108 hours; f.rs!-ela« slnrle fare. [IR'18'A. Bv tt-TT: — Distance. 2440 miles: time! tnk. n =m hmirs. Ev airo-rall:— Dklonr'. 2187 miles:' linn- t«i;n. 33 hours; llrft-class slnsle fnr-- CC7 R -. | niG DAV'S FLIGHT The wliedule for the demonstration a-To-rall ili^h; is as follows: — The 'plant s mil leave Sydney In the morning, arrlv i:,c nl Port Augusta about. 5.30 p.m. the .vime riny. PasscnRcr.* will entrain for O.-ildea at 6 pjn.. arriving about C.30 s in the day following, and depart by air from Ooldea half an hour later, rarhlnc Perth at G 311 p.m. thai night. ai'.d Melbourne with Win Australian ln ti rests win form the party for th« over luiid trip. 