 ANOTHER GREAT FLIGHT PERTH TO SYDNEY IN 9½ HOURS SPEED OF 270 M.P.H. REACHED KINGSFORD SMITH'S LATEST TRIUMPH By flying from Perth to Sydney via Adelaide yester- day at the average rate of 228 miles an hour, Sir Charles Kingsford Smith easily broke all previous trans-Australian speed records. Accompanied by Captain P. G. Taylor, Kingsford Smith left Perth, in the Lady Southern Cross at 4.5 a.m. (6 a.m. Melbourne time); reached Adelaide at noon (Melbourne time), and after a halt of 40 minutes sped on to Sydney, landing there at 4.17 p.m. The total distance of 2175 miles was covered in 9 hours 32 minutes flying time. During the Perth-Adelaide section of the flight, and aided by a strong following wind, a speed of over 270 miles an hour was attained overt a 200-mile stretch. SYDNEY, Tuesday.— A magnificent flight across Australia from Perth to Sydney at the remarkable average speed of 228 miles an hour was made to-day by Sir Charles Kingsford Smith in his new Lockheed-Altair monoplane. His bursts of high speed over distances of hundreds of miles were even more amaz- ing, for in some instances they approxi- mated 272 miles an hour. At one time he flew 200 miles at this speed, which meant that he covered the 200 miles in 44 minutes. Kingsford Smith flew from Perth to Sydney, a distance of 2175 miles, in 9 hours 32 minutes actual flying time, and he was in Sydney just 10 hours 22 min- utes after leaving Perth. Kingsford Smith left Perth at 4.5 a.m. (Perth time), and reached Adelaide 6 hours 5 minutes later, his speed being about 233 miles an hour, thus shattering the previous record, held by a Westralian Airway Vlckers Viastra machine, by nearly five hours. Quickly refuelling at Adelaide, the airman then raced to Hay at an average speed of 200 miles per, hour, and landed there at 2.25 p.m, A similar average was maintained to Sydney, where they landed at 4.17 p.m. Delighted ! On landing here Kingsford Smith said he was delighted with the plane's per- formances. Many fast transcontinental records had been put up in America in civil flying, but he thought to-day's flight across Australia would compare very favorably with them. No strain had been felt in handling the plane at such terrific speeds by either himself or Mr. Taylor. He sincerely hoped he would be able to take part in the Centenary air race, for he believed he had a machine capable of making an exceedingly strong bid for the trophy. Mr. John Stannage, Sydney represen- tative of Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, said the conditions during the flight had been cloudy at first, with scattered showers over Picton. There was a mode- rate following wind throughout the flight. 