 [?] RESTED .4(3 MINUTES; THEN OFF TO SYDNEY Leaving Maylands at 4 a.m. today, Sir Charles Eingsf ord Smith flew to Adelaide in six hours, mak ing an average speed of 233 miles an hour and breaking the previous air record by nearly four hours. i 'He covered one stretch of 200 miles in 44 min- ? utes — ' an average of. 272 miles an hour and an Australian air speed record. [ The i'iiers left Adelaide at 12.10 p.m. to take a direct course, to Sydney, 725 miles. ADELAIDE, Tuesday. K11R Charles Kingsford Smith, who is niakiug a. dash from Perth to Sydney in the Lockheed-Altai r monoplane Lady Southern Cross, in which he will compete in the Centenary race next month, lauded at Parafield aerodrome, Adelaide, today, at 11.30 a.m. (10 a.m. Perth time), after covering 1400 miles ©in six h(jurs. With his co-pilot, Captain P. G. Taylor, he steered a compass course to Adelaide from Perth. He left Parafield at 32.10 p.m. on a direct line for Sydney, which would take him near Hay, in the Riverina. The previous Perth-Adelaide' air record, put up by one of West Aus eralian Airways' Viastra planes under almost identical flying conditions, wag 9h. SOmin. Sir Charles said at Parafield that he was delighted with the performance of the plane, and considered that the time he was putting up would compare very favorably with some of American trans continental records, which had previ ously been the outstanding records in civil aviation, averaging 230 miles an hour. He had been favored bv a following wind, which at times attained a velocity of .J55 miles an hour, to fche head of Spencer Gulf, after which there had been a beam wind. He flew at a height 3f about 9000ft. all the way, and did not see any towns. 'Capt. Taylor took alternate hours at the controls with myself,' said Sir Charles. 'We feel no strain at all, as the plane is very easy to handle. The 200 miles we covered at 272 miles an hour were between the head of the Bight aud Ceduna. The beam wind we en countered over the last stage of the journey was stronger than I thought and caused us to drift about. 12 ruilos north of Parafield, where I turned south down the Port Wakefield road to the 'drome. The drift was accentuated be cause a heavy dust haze over much of South Australia made it difficult to pick up laud marks from a height.' There was a. crowd of about 500 awaiting the Lockheed's arrival at Para field. On the trip from Perth to Ade laide Sir Charles used 160 gallons of petrol — about SO galloas an hour or just over 1 miles per gallon. Ho took on 160 gallons at Faraiield, where there was some delay in re fuelling, as no opportunity was taken to perform this task while Sir Charles was having a smoke. Fliers Depart From Bfaylands ffoaring across the Ma.vlands aero drome at a speed of about 100 miles an hour, its powerful headlights turning night into day for hundreds pi yards ahead, and jets of vicious flames from the exhaust licking the underpart of the nose, th p. Lo'ekheed-Altair speed mono plane, piloted by Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and Captain P. G. 'Taylor, began its dash to Sydney a few minutes before 4 a.m. today. The plane rose easily into wind, and, after circling back over Perth and returning towards the brilliant ly-lit hangars, to which he dipped his machine as a parting gesture, headed towards his goal, 2100 miles away. Late yesterday it was decided to alter the plans to travel only so far as Forrest for refueling, and to go. on to Adelaide, which would be reached, it' was expected, in seven hours. For this purpose the tankage was increased to 250 gallons instead of the 200 for the Forrest hop. There only about a dozen cars and fewer than 100, people gathered at the aerodrome when at 3.20 a.m. Sir Charles Find Captain Taylor arrived 'from their hotel. ' ? ? Immediately the doors of the Airways hangar were ? wheeled back and Sir , Charles climbed into the front cockpit and started the motor. He drove the machine slowly out and parked it in front of the hangar,- where, with throttle open, it stood for a few minutes while the engine warmed. At five minutes to four a.m. the ma chine was taxied towards the north-east corner of the ground. However, when there was still 150 yards before the limit of the runwc.v would be reached, the machine suddenly turned into wind, . and. like a sprinter shooting off the mark, swept forward. In less than 200 yards the Lady Southern Cross had gathered a speed estimated at 100 milees an hour, and at 450 yards was in the air — about half the distance she failed to get up in on Sunday. After saluting the aerodrome, the machine began to climb to a height, where her lamps seemed to natch the stars', and in a few minutes she was lost to sight and the drone of her en gine quickly died away. 