 Perth to Adelaide in 6 Hours "SMITHY" STILL 30ING STRONG TO SYDNEY Average Speed233 Miles An Hour RECORDS SMASHED Flashing across the Continent at an average speed of 233 miles an hour, Sir Charles Kings- ford Smith and Captain P. G. Taylor, in the Lady Southern Cross, are establishing an amazing record for a flight from Perth to Sydney. On one stretch of 200 miles , they attained 272 miles an hour, an Australian air speed record. They covered the 200 miles in 44 minutes. Having left the Maylands Aerodrome, Perth, in darkness ?nd drizzling rain at 4 a.m (6 a.m. Melbourne time), ihe two airmen, flying a compass course that took in part of the Great Australian Bight, swept across the 1400 miles stage to Adelaide, where they landed at .niclnay ( Melbourne time). j STRIKING SPEED CONTRASTS j They had a slight following vine! which, the Commonwealth ileteorclogisl (Mr Watt) said in Melbourne at noon, would persist right through to Sydney. On arrival at Adcjaidc they had mrrrrd a journey that would take three and a half days by j train and four days by boat. They left Parafield aerodrome, Adelaide, at 12.31 (Melbourne time) on a direct line for Sydney, about 700 miles away, j The plane passed over Hay, fly ing very high, a 2.25 p.. j low RECORDS HAVE GONE 0,1 the first "leg" of the Perth- iydiicy Might they broke the Pcrlh- Mciaidc record by nearly four ;oun>. The previous record of 9 hr. 50 tin. was made by one of the Wes- nlian Airways Vickers-Vislra fanes under almost identical con- iilions as those experienced by the Lady Southern Cross today. : I On his flight from Melbourne to Perth on Saturday, Sir Charles flew the 1500 miles overland from Ade laide to Perth In eight hours. In 1928 in the Southern Cross, he put up a record for Melbourne to Perth of 22 hours. On Saturday he cov ered the same distance in 10 hr. 22 min. VV The Departure From Perth — PERTH, Tuesday. — Sir Charles ingsfo fd Smith and Captain Tay- t arrived at the Maylands aero- rome at 3.30 a.m. (5.30 a.m. Mel- aimc time), and the fast Lockheed 'fair low-wing monoplane was dragged it of the hangar. Sir Charles was dressed in a sac suit, atlier co.it, and heavy knee boots. A few minutes before 4 a.m. Sir -arte ran the engine hard for three ir.utes and then tested it at full trottle Satisfied, lie waved to the groundsmen ' bke away the chocks, taxied to the rtth-east corner of the drome, with his feng night light burning at the head of >' machine, ml roarea away into the ad fed in 400 Yards The machine lifted In 400 yards— just H the available running space— and it was apparent that the take-off was easier with only 250 gallons of petrol, sufficient to see him to Adelaide, than oh Sunday morning, when he had capac ity tanks of 350. gallons, and failed to rise in time. There was drizzling rain, but a hun dred people saw the airmen leave. Before the plane crossed the field, Q heavy truck was driven over the ground at 35 miles an hour to make sure the surface was m safe condition. Manv dooIs of water were showing. but the plane did not skid as it raced across the aerodrome ; Across the Bight' Until late yesterday Sir Charles had intended to fly to Forrest, on the trans continental line near the border of West- | cm Australia and South Australia, re fuel and go on to Adelaide, but he de- i cidcd last night to take the longer hop 1 across the Bight to Adelaide. Ihe Arrival At Adelaide— ADELAIDE, Tuesday.— When he step- J3 out of the plane at Paranoid. Sir Janes w.ts grinning broadly. .awl he was delighted with the pcr- Plane» considered the time he was nutting up would ,'njvue "very favorably" with some of i frr.ican trans-continental records, wn had previously been the outstand- ii rc£?. 'n civil aviation, averaging (V rrt ,"V!os nn hour. oo tir.d been faVored with a follow- .he said, which at times at- a velocity of 55 miles an hour, to ; of Spencer Gulf, from where had boon ,a beam wind. .He J at an altitude of: $000 feet all the /. ana did not sec any towns. I W Easy To Handle Captain Taylor took alternate hours at &lt; tor, trek." said Sir Charles. "We feel indie"1 a' """ 08 "le P'ane ts easy to ."2s kM-mile stretch that we covered "t miles an hour was between the 51' the Bight and Coduna. il«i m w'nc' we encountered over , "f the Journey was stronger thought. It caused us to drift to j miles north of Parafield, where WuT, south and followed down the A Wakefield Road to 'the drome. hA. was accentuated because I,,.,,, dust haze over much of South ini i madc it difficult to pick up the arks from a height 1 ae had no trouble in , taking oil in fena ,L antl" (with a smile), "I'm i? Jhe whole business has spoiled me in Moths." avP!Sin Taylor's summary of the trip Excellent in every way." !S»U Boy Worshippers There was a crowd of 500. awaiting inr„ .u 8 arrival at -Parafield, and . « ">on 100 cars were drawn up H the landing .area. iwX £Iina" boys toiled manfully on 1" S along the Gawlcr Road against fan. w'nd fiat was speeding the be !,konwa;d. to be in time to join he „rs 'n the cheer which greeted laC.n a'(man as he taxied his plane ovfii, announced his time with a Bul grin. . kiS araaJ'ful clean Klines of tliie Lady "uiern Cross were pt once apparent when she appeared as a speck in the distance and grew larger with astonish ing speed, like a winged bullet. She passed over the Aero Club han gar, zoomed to show her amazing climb ing -powers, half-circled to the cast side of tiic drome, to come in to a perfect three-point landing against the wind with tlie propeller barely moving. The rctractlble undercarriage was dropped as the monoplane sped over the flying field before landing. Still No Certificate Sir Charles said lie had not yet re ceived any information 'about the issue of the certificate of airworthiness in America for the Lady Southern Cross. Whether he would compete in the Cen tenary Air Race depended on the issue of this certificate, and he hoped it would be issued in time for him to leave for London on September 20. He would make a leisurely flight to England, surveying the grounds at tile checking places. AIR RECORDS ARE, GOING Air speed records for long : flights have been smashed - one after another during the past few months. Last August Roscoe .Turner, an Ameri can entrant - for Die . air race, jOying , at an average sped? of 250 miles an hour, reduced his own record for; the 3520 miles between Los' Angeles .and New York' by: 2 min. 39. sec." ife, baited three times for fuel . " ,, Over shorter distances Turner claims to have averaged more than 300 miles an hour, but it is douhjful if the machines used in : these flights would conform: with-.the. standards l«ld down for the 'Air - Race.' _ „ . In April,. 1933, Warrant Officer Agello. the Italian ace. - claimed that ' he hid attained ail average speed of 4265 miles an hour in. five flights over a measured mile on Lake Garda—o world's record. Such speeds are impossible at present over long distances. Since the Spirit of Tun . was in Aus. tralia two years ago, no speeds com— parable with those now being-', put up by Sir Charles Kingsfoxd Smith have been registered. . Wilis 