 KINGSFORD SMITHS MISHAP Plane Damaged After Record Flight ABOUT TO BEGIN DASH FOR SYDNEY Crosses Continent In 10 Hours 22 Mins. PERTH, September 9. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith tasted both victory and failure when after his record-breaking flight from Melbourne to Perth on Saturday, his plane, the Lacy Southern Cross, was damaged when taking off early this morning on a non-stop flight to Sydney. The machine failed to lift in time to avoid an open drain at the south eastern corner of the Maylands aero drome, and the wheels became em bedded in it, bringing the take-off to an abrupt halt and damaging the undercarriage. Fortunately, only slight repairs will be necessary, and Sir Charles Kings ford Smith, who accepted tbe mishap philosophically, is hopeful that his de parture for Sydney will not be long de layed. He expects to lower his record on the return flight. The accident oc curred before dawn and the damaged plane had to be extricated from the drain with the aid of lights. Although he was opposed by a head wind. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith completed bis trans-continental flight in 10 hours 22 minutes, thus more than halving his previous record of 22 hours established in the Southern Cross in 1928. He flew at an average air speed of 200 miles an hour. He covered the distance from Mel bourne to Adelaide, over whicli he passed at about 8 am. on Saturday, flying high, in 2 hrs. 24 mins.—failing by only seven minutes to beat the re cord made in October, 1932, by the American. Mr. A. M. Loew. Enthusiastic Welcome Despite the fact tbat the Lady Southern Cross reached Maylands con siderably ahead of expected time, several thousand people had assembled at tbe aerodrome to welcome the flier. When it became knoirn tbat he had passed over Kaigooriie at 12.40 pjn. it was -realised he would arrive consider ably ahead of time, and from 2 pjn. an endless stream of cars made for the aerodrome. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, wbo was accompanied by Captain P. G. Taylor, landed the Lockheed Altair mono plane at 2.31 pm. The official time for the flight was taken by Aero Club's timekeeper. Leaving tbe Laverton aerodrome. Melbourne .at 4.9 ajn. (Perth time) the plane reached May lands at 2.31 pjn. It averaged 175 miles an hour against the head wind of ap proximately 25 miles an hour velocity, thus giving it an average air speed of 200 miles an hour. When the record breakers landed at Maylands they had sufficient fuel left for about 1* hours more flying—about 250 miles. Cheers of welcome from the thousands who had gathered at the aerodrome gave place to murmurs of astonishment at the terrific speed of Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's new plane as it swooped across the landing ground to become, a few seconds later, a mere spec over the buildings of Perth, before returning to land perfectly. Air Race Hopes Characteristically, the first thing tbat be asked "for as he stepped from the machine was a cigarette. In a brief speech from the verandah of the clubhouse, he said—'This is just like a homecoming to me, and I am truly sorry that my stay is to be so short. I always feel that tbis State is nome. be cause I was for so long bere. It is typical of dear old Perth to turn out like tbis. and Til do my best to make you more proud of me in tjie air race." He referred to the Sight across the continent as being very satisfactory from all points of view. The machine had shown what it cculd do and had proved a marvellous piece of mechanism. "Althougb it's going to be a bard job in the race, especially if tbe certificate business goes against me, I somehow feel that we will bave ber nose just a Uttle in front at the finish. Anyway," he added, smilingly, "if I do not win 111 teach my son to fly. and he can win the next one." Captain Taylor was cheered on tak ing bis companion's place. His speech was a brief expression of gratitude at tbe warmth of the welcome. 