 "Smithy's" Quick Service Plan __ JU — 15 HOURS SYDNEY-PERTH Fast 'Planes DAILY AIR MAIL SYDNEY to Melbourne 2\ hours ; Melbourne to Adelaide 2£ hours, Adelaide to Perth 9 hours, Sydney to Perth 15 hours, each day of the week. That timetable is the goal of Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and those with whom he is associated in an en deavor to launch a trans- Australian aerial mail and passenger service. "A timetable such as that is no pipe dream," said Sir Charles to-day. "It Is a definite scheme, on the ac complishment of which I will stake my knowledge and experience of avi ation. "We In Australia, for too long have been content with 100 m.p.h. machines. "Aviation overseas has made such tremendous progress that 200 m.p.h. to-day Is accepted as a normal cruis ing speed for commercial passenger and mall-carrying machines, and with such machines there can be no ques tion but that a timetable such as we propose could be carried out In the face of weather conditions which would prove insurmountable to slow er aircraft. "We Must Have Best" The flexibility of modern high speed machines is such that they can climb over the worst storms to an altitude where calm flying con ditions can be looked for, and In any case atmospheric conditions in Aus tralia generally are much superior t& the weather encountered > in America and Europe. "My last trip overseas has convinc ed me more than ever that Australia lags too far behind the world in those essential modern develop ments of av'i tion which are so mark ed in other countries. Our National welfare demands the best In aviation, and Aus tralia has yet to sec what mod ern aircraft can accomplish in the maintenance of high-speed commercial services. "I hope it can never be said of me that I have ever done anything un- Australian. I have come back home more fiercely Australian than ever before, and as an Australian with some knowledge of aviation, I say that to-day we must look to Amer ica for those types of machines which lead the world in high-speed commercial aviation. Long-Range Flying "Soon, we hope, Britain will over take that advantage which America has enjoyed in high-speed aircraft. Much progress is being made, but just as the incidence of England's motor car taxation forced the British manufacturer into concentrating on the production of small motor cars, in which Britain to-day unquestion ably is supreme; so, geographic and economic conditions in America have turned the energies of American air craft manufacturers into the develop ment of high-speed commercial air craft. "England, with its limited distances and its comparative absence of in ternal air-mail contracts, has not been faced with the necessity for such a machine; but in America, with in ternal air-mail contracts totalling many millions of dollars annually, long-range flying at high speeds is the one essential, of manufacture. "The similarity of operating con ditions in Australia and America is an added reason fw the adoption of American-type machines on such a service as we propose in Australia. £30,000 Offer "I have secured exclusive contracts for the manufacture in Australia of Lockheed machines— It was In a Lockheed that I flew the Pacific last October— and our plans provide for the employment of all Australian workmen in the construction of the machines, which will be made in Aus tralia. "To those who might charge me with pro-Americanism, I would reply that, if I had accepted offers made in America live years ago I would have been to-day probably a dollar million aire. In one specific instance I was offered £30,000 to fly in the Southern Cross through America, advertising one city. "The .'one condition always was that I was to become a naturalised Ame rican citizen, but money could not buy my pride in being an Australian. "So far as my Sydney-Perth pro ject is concerned, much remains to be done; but with the support ' of many Australians who have interest ed themselves in the venture, I am confident of success. It would be an easy matter to secure American finance, but apart from the use of American-type machines, it is my hope that the entire service will be all-Australian. "Such a service must come even tually. In the Interests of Australia's national welfare, a close acquaintance with long-range high-speed flying cannot come too soon." 