 By Plane From Perth To Sydney in 30 Hours T HREE passengers. in a hurry passed through Parafield today on their way from Perth to Sydney. Their total time for the 2,400-mile journey will be 30 hours, most of which will have been spent on the ground. The machine which brought them to Para field will be back in Perth tonight. having flown 1,800 miles between dawn and sunset today. The reason for the hustle was the late arrival of the Largs Bay at Fremantle with the incoming English mail. The transcontinental train could not be de layed to await the ship's arrival. and the Australian National Airways Doug las air liner Bungana had to make big alterations mn its schedule to cope with the situation. Instead of leaving Perth on Tuesday afternoon, it w"as held back until 10.15 a.m. (Adelaide time) yesterday. With a full load of passengers and mails on board, the Bungana landed at Ceduna (1,113 miles) at 4.30 p.m. The passengers were accommodated at the local hotel overnight. They left Ceduna I at 5.40 a.m. today, and stepped out of the plane at Parafleld (340 miles) two hours later. The Melbourne plane had left 25 minutes earlier, but a special plane, ai Dragon Rapide, was standing by. The six through passengers were given a ' UARANTF LD RADIO REPI'AIRS.-HEAL I ING'S. PH. DAY C 4633. NIGHT X 1825.. snack, and after spending 40 minutes at Parafield left in the Rapide for Mel- I bourne via Nhill. Mrs. M. R. Watson (nd Messrs. C. G. Maschurtz and I. G. I Pritchard being bound for Sydney, and Messrs. Roberts and Hatton and Dr. Johnston ending their journey at Mel bourne. The three Sydney passengers, who lunched at Essendon before catching the afternoon plane for Sydney, are due there at 4 p.m. (Adelaide time). The Bungana, which brought the I passengers from Perth to Adelaide,. stayed only a little more than an hour at Parafield. As soon as the passen gers stepped out of the plane, cleaners I set to wurk on the interior of the machine and mechanics checked over I the engine thoroughly. By 8.45 a.m.I it was in the air again, only 75 minutes behind schedule. With Capt. L. M. Diprose, who has flown the East-West run more often than any other pilot, at the controls, the Bungana should reach Perth late this afternoon without travelling at more than normal cruising rate. It i is due back at Parafield tomorrow afternoon, when it will have flown 4.359 miles in 55 hours, only half of which will have been spent in the air. Among the passengers who left Para field today for Perth was Mrs. E. C. Johnston, wife of the Controller of Civil Aviation (Capt, Johnston). 