 JVight Flying Will Bring Sydney Within 16 Hours Of Perth MODERN PLANES CAN DO IT The day when it will be possible for a traveller fro tfiave tea in Perth and morning tea next day in Sydney Vas visualised by Captain I. N. Holyman today. Captain Holyman, who is con sultative director of Australian : National Airways, and managing ?director of Holymans Steam ships Ltd., has arrived in Perth ton a visit of inspection. It was his first trip to the West .by air, and the outstanding im pression he formed on the journey was that the route was ideal for night flying. 'People possibly do not realise the j possibilities of air travel,' said Capt. i Holyman. in an interview with 'The | Daily News' today. 'With night ' i flying it would be possible for a pas- . senger to leave Perth at 7 p.m. today and land in Sydney at 10.30 tomorrow ' ? morning. Australia is an ideal ? country for long-distance flying, and there is no reason why people here , should not be as well catered for as ! they are in America, where the plane ! from New York to Los Angeles does | the journey of 2200 miles with only I one stop, and makes the trip at 1 night.' Asked whether his visit was in con- ? jnection with the establishment of such ' a service, Capt. Holyman was emphatic i that such a proposal had never been j considered by the directors of thecom ! pany. ' The possibility was there, how ever, and if Australians became sufficiently air-minded, and the Government subsidised' the air lines, there was no reason why it should not be an accomplished fact in a few years' time. Night flying would, of course, neces sitate the erection of automatic elec ! trie beacons along the route, and an i extension of the wireless communica ? lion, but there was no reason why, '.with adequate support, night flying [?Should not become the custom in Aus i tralia. Aeronautical College ! Dealing with the proposal to estab ! lish an aeronautical college, Capt. 1 Holyman said that such an establish ment was a necessity. 'There are upwards of 60 instruments on the dashboard of a modern air ' liner,' he explained, 'and it is impos sible for pilots trained in aero clubs ? to obtain the experience necessary to qualify as pilots of air liners. 'We have put a proposal to the ' Government, because such a col lege must be subsidised. , 'All air lines would be able to ob tain from it fully qualified aviators. ''At present Austraian National Air ways has a number of apprentice 1 pilots who are being trained, but ?with the rapid extension, of air ser vices in Australia a central training col lege, where pilots could learn naviga tion, wireless and the other adjuncts to modern flying, was an absolute ne cessity. 'Aviation is making rapid strides in the East,' he said, 'and the commer cial possibilities of the aeroplane are daily becoming more apparent. The latest fashions in millinery were now 6ent from Sydney in the morning, and were on show the same afternoon in Adelaide and Hobart. 'Tasmania supplies most of the orchids that are used for decora tive purposes in the capitals of the , i mainland, and the aeroplane is the i only means by which the delicate I flowers can be quickly trans ported.' This year Australian National Air , ways, in conjunction with the Tas j manian Government, had transporated : many trial shipments of strawberries 1 to the mainland capitals, and the fruit had arrived in perfect condition a few hours after being picked in Tasmania, he said. This trade was expected to develop very considerably next year. From 10 to 48 'If people become air-minded and the Government subsidises the com ? panies, there is no telling to what ex ! tent aviation may not develop in Aus 'Talia,' said Captain Holyman. 'A modern air liner costs in the region of £35,000, and at least £10,000 worth of spares are re quired for each. This is but the commencement of the cost. i 'The fact that when Australian i National 'Airways took over the East« ? West service the number of pasr ' sengers was ten per- week, and the average is now 48, while at times as j many as 56 are carried in a week is ? an indication that Australians are be coming air.-minded.' PLANES FIT : FOR NIGHT FLYING Machines like these may soon span the continent at night. 