 FLIGHTS OVER AUSTRALIA. R.A.A.F. EXERCISE. Perth to Sydney in 12 Hours. BV OUR AVIATION CORRESPONDENT. A Douglas D.C.3 airliner of the (loyal Australian Air Force flew non- ' stop yesterday from Perth to Sydney, a distance of about 2,000 miles, in 12 hours. Three Douglas D.C.3 planes took ofl from Pearce aerodrome (W.A.) at half hourly intervals from 12.30 a.m. (east- ern standard time) in the most com- prehensive and spectacular navigation exercise yet carried out by the R.A.A.F. The pilots had Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane as their objectives. Only Squadron leader P. G. Heffernan, who was in charge of the D.C.3, which reached Richmond at 12.30 p.m. yesterday, completed his schedule non- stop. The Douglas Tor Melbourne landed to refuel at Adelaide and arrived at Laverton at 11.10 a.m. The third machine encountered severe headwinds and came down at Goondi- windi, on the Queensland boraer, when the pilot estimated that there was not enough fuel left to reach Brisbane non-stop. The distance from Perth to Brisbane is 2,240 miles. OLD RECORDS STAND. None of the aircraft, however, broke either the flying time record between Perth and Sydney or the trans-continental non-stop dis- tance record. The six years' old trans-con- tinental records established in 1934 by the late Sir charles Kingsford Smith and Captain P. G. Taylor, who-flew a Lockheed Altair non-stop from Melbourne to Perth in 10 hours 19 minutes, and from Perth to Sydney, by way of Adelaide, where they re-fuelled, in 91 hours, will stand. The Australian trans- continental distance record is held by the fly- ing-boat Guba, which, last June, as a prelude, to the Indian Ocean survey flight, flew non- stop from Rose Bay to Port Hedland, by way of Blackall, a distance of 2,600 miles. The Sydney-Darwin record is held by the Dutch pilot. Captain T. Reyers, who last month flew the distance of 2,225 miles in 11 horns 33 minutes. The flight of the ' Douglas from Perth to Richmond gives some idea what might be done with the new Lockheed Hudson bombers which are of a later type. Every point in Australia could be within about 12 hours range. Squadron-Leader Heffernan is commanding officer of No. 8 Reconnaissance Squadron. Other pilots who participated in the flight« were Flight-Lieutenants K. Virtue and W. Reeve, a_id Flying-Officers J. Turner, P. Cook, and D. A. Ditchburn. 