 2,459 mile train journey from Perth to Sydney to take only 62 hoars The introduction on June 15 ' of through passenger services over 1,515 miles of continuous stand a r d gauge railway from Perth to Port Pirie, virtually marked the completion of Western Australia's standard gauge railway project. This is the first major step towards the final goal of a standard gauge railway from west to east. This will be achieved eary next year The Western Australian stan dard gauge line was actually Jinked with the Commonwealth Railways standard gauge line at Kalgoorlie on August 3, 1968. In November the first standard gauge freight trains began runn ing on a through service from Port Pirie to the Perth metropolitan area. The W.A standard gauge pro ject involved the construction Of 527 track miles (450 route miles) of new standard gauge railway from Fremantle to Kwi nana, Kewdale, Perth Terminal Koolyanobbing and Kalgoorlie. At Kalgoorlie, the new railway was linked with the existiing 1,108 miles of standard gauge railway to Port Pirie. It also involved construction of several major standard and compo site gauge marshalling yards, numerous ancillary installations and a comprehensive range of locomotives and rolling stock. Next year — one train In the past the 2,694 mile rail journey from Perth to Sydney took four days and five trains. Now it requires one less train with the elimination of the nar row gauge section b e t w een Perth / Kalgoorlie. Early next year, the interstate train traveller will be able to board a stainless steel train at the Perth Terminal and leave it only 62 hours later in Sydney after travelling via Broken Hill, a journey of 2,459 miles. A connecting service will operate from Port Pirie to provide a direct link between Perth, Adelaide and Melbourne. A trans-continental service The Railways of A u s t ralia trains on this new trans-continental service are air-conditioned throughout, and because of the high standard of the amenities provided for all passengers, 2 carriages in each train are service vehicles. One is a power car with three V8 - 71 Series Detroit diesel engines — each capable of producing 125 kW. These provide all power for cooking, air - conditioning, refrigeration, illumination, etc. The second service car provides comfortable accommodation in its IX) twinette compartments for the train's cooks, waiters, and other highly skilled staff. The passenger c o m m u nity areas include a dining car, cafeteria club car and a spacious lounge car, with even a piano included in its appointments. There is a wide choice of travel accommodation available One first-class de luxe twinette carriage has a prestige suite; a luxurious c o m p artment complete with double bed, an extra fold-down bunk, com fortable lounge chairs, vanity unit, table wardrobes, shower and toilet. Four of the five twinnette units in this carriage have connecting doors to enable them to be converted into family units and all have accommodation for two, with wide folddown bunks, lounge seats and private shower and toilet in a separate annexe. The roomettes are designed for single o c c u pancy day or night (the sleeping berth folds back into the wall during the day) and they have ample room for lounging and dressing. The second - class sleeping compartments have comfortable accom modation for two. Service behind-the-scenes All carriages provide complete and private toilet facilities, including soap, hand towels, bath towel and bath mat, as well as ample luggage and wardrobe space, a drop-down table and a folding guest, table. There is an in-built ashtray, and chilled drinking water, a 240v power plug for a shaver or dictating machine. In addition to the lights for general illumination, there are reading and mirror lights, and a soft blue night light, with individual switches. Music is available in every compartment and thick insulation in the floors, walls and ceilings of the carriages keep out noise and dust as well as assisting the air-conditioning. The Australian - built transcontinental expresses have no peer. No detail has been overlooked to provide passengers with a great deal more than just a means of getting from one place to another. The 2,459-mile journey across Australia from Perth to Sydney via Broken Hill will be unique in its variety. For distance, there are only two other compar able- services in the world — The Trans-Siberian Express makes a longer journey and the train that crosses Canada covers about the same distance. For local and overseas travellers this will be the ideal way to see Australia. 