 [Melbourne Paprns.] LOnoN, March It. OERgMAN.-THE LATE EMIPERORt LAST Iounos. The following authentic particulars re garding the last hours of tile late Emperor have been made public. His Majesty on regaining conscioasness yesterday (Thurs. day) evening, not only took food, but ro. peatedly and touchingly conversed with tile members of the Imporal family, Prince Bismarck, and others, at intervals during the night. It was not until 7 o'clock this morning that he again suffered tile relapse which proved so speedily fatal. He died in his camp bed, surrounded by his relatives, Prince Bismarck, Count Von Mioltke, and a few others. As al. ready announced, his Majesty expired peacefully at half-past 8 n.m., and Prince Wilhelm performed the last office of the closing his eyes. During his last hours the late Emperor addressed his grandson, Prince Wilhelm, and earnestly advised him to adopt a most amicable attitude towards the Czar of Russia. Tile news of the decease of the Emperor Williasm, has created a profound impression throughout Europe. It is announced that his lRoyal Highness tile Prince of Wales will proceed to Berlin to be present at tile funeral obsequies of his late Majesty. It is an nounced tihat the Crown Prince will as some the title of Emperor of Germany and King Frederick the third of Prussia. The death-bed scene was very touoltirrg and beautiful. His only daughter, tile Princess Louise-Mary, Grand Duchess of Baden, who wars atnongst those present with the Emperor during his last moments, lovingly attended to his com. fort. In reply to a whispered inquiry by Her Royal Highness, the Emperor said : -" I am very tired;* but there is so much to do." He Lhen called Prince Wilhelm to his side, and enjoined upon him, as the probable future head of the empire, to treat with Russia in an antic. nble manner, pointing out that if Ira did so his action would redound not only to his own credit, but to the good of the rmllpire. The Emperor then fell back dying, with the absent Crown Prince evi. dently in his thoughts, for his last words were, " Fritz I Lieber (dear) Fritz 1" Marchl 10. The body of the late Emperor now lies in state in the large and richly.decorated chapel attached to the Rryal Castle, or Schloss, in Berlin. It is to, be interred in the granite mausoleum in the Roryal Castle at Charlottenburg, inl Prussia, built by Frederick L, where the remains of the father and anotlher of the late Emperodr Frederick William Il1., and Queen Louisa Augusta orf Mecklenburg. Strolitz, are deposited. The scenle which toank place in the German Reichstagyester. day, .when Prince Bismarck formally announced the death of the late Emperor, was one of a dramatic character. Prince Bismarck, who spoke under the influence of strong emotion, exhibited His Majesly'a last signature, which was appended to a tRoyal decree proroguing tile Chamber. The eulogium whiclh he passed upon tile deceased nionarch was couched int eloquent and touching language, and smoved many of the deputies to tears. In tllelast word he uttered, Pritnce Bismarck stated His Majesty conlsolled special consideration for the Czar of Russia, but said that Austria, with whomn Germany, by the treaty of 1870, had entered into an offen. sive and defensive alliance, was now the beat friend of the empire. SMarch 11. The body f Ilthe late Emperor, after being embalmed, is to be rem,oved to tirhe Cathedral at Berlin,to which the public will be admitted. The Prince of Wales is to attend the futneral of the late Emperor as represdintative of the British Court. Prince Albert Victor, the eldest son of the Prince of Wales; Archduke Rudolph, the Prince Imperial of Auslrn.Huneary; King Leopold of Belgium, anld lthe Czaro witch of Russia are also to be present at the obsequies of the late Emperor. The national mourning for the late Emperor nas been left to the discretion of tihe people of Germany. The observance is unrver. sal. THE .NEW E3IPEIOR OF UER.1tANi?, FIttDEItlUK III. March 12. The Emperor Frederick of Germany left San Rerno nr Saturday morning for Berlin. His iMajesty was in good health. On arrival at Genna he was neot at tile railway station by King Humbert, anud on reaching Milan, by the Duke of Aosts, brother to tlhe King of Italy. The inter. views, thoughi brief, were of thie sitls cordial chararter. His Majesty tihoesu re. sumed Ihis journey homewards. The Emperor Frederick, who left San Romo oil Saturday morning, arrived at Berlin at midnight (Sunday) without ux. periencicn ansy ill effects from his journey. At tie different stations crl route he was re coined with tile greatest enthusiasml by the crowds which had assemtbled to welcome him. Although he arrived duringa heavy snowstorm he at once proceeded on a visit to the body of his father. Shortly after. wards the remains of the late Emperor were conveyed to Dom Kirclhe, or Great Cathedral, escorted by a body of cavalry, and followed Iy Prince Wilhelm and other Imperial Princes, the pageant being of tihe most imposing description. In tire interriew which took place boe tween Kinrg ilurmbert aod the ntwe Emperor r Of Gtierrmany at iellnna, tIher latter was unable to speak rerbally, owirg to his throat liiady, and thi e enversaftimot on Isia part was carried onI by writing on slips of ipaper. It was tile same i tihe interview withll thie DLuke of Aosa aIt Milan. T tlE I rlN st AN OtIlE.s OF WAIdh ' The death sf the E?mlersir sf (termanny hIas to sori exrtent leiienil thre festivities which had been arranged to take place in rhonour of the silver weddinrg if their Royal Highlesses the Prince and Princess of \Vales, but tile event lhas bIeen cels. brated with great Iysslty in Londoid and throughout thie Urlited Kingdom, illumi nrations having bress vry genseral in Lo. doll last evening. Their Royal High nesses have received ass illnmellRse nunlber of costly praesents and addressea of con. gratulation froms all parts of the world. Her Majesty the Queen paid a special visit to Marllbrougbb-l ouses duririg the tile day for thie ipurpose of felicitatieg the Prince and Princess. Is thie evesisg s grand barnquet was hIelt at iilsbslrr,;ugh-. house in hotousr of itle occasit.n, whelss the Queen, tihe whe iII of tile membei s ,f the ie Royal Family, sod several foreign t'rirces and Princesses were present. 'lThe T'irrs publishes an article in whlich it refers to the occasion, and staunts Ihe Psicue of Wnales as being "ia pallrr, sf cattle drovers," referring tsr the sIhl'ahr lill alhow, "nnd of prize fightlers," ill allusion Sto the Prince's interview with Sullivan, the American fighting man who recently came to England. PnIZE FIGrII BETWEEN SULLIVAN AND MITClLELL. A prize fight took place on Saturday at Chantilly, in France, between John. L. Sullivan, the American Champion, and Charles Mitchell, a well-known English pugilist. Thirty-nine-rounds were fought, but there are grave suspicions as to the genuineness of the encounter which re sulted in a draw. The French police have arrested both the principals in the fight. The prizefight was of a most brutal and disgusting character. The pugilists knocked each other about in a terrible manner,and inflicted injuries otu e:ch other of extraordinary severity. Their bodies were shockingly bruised, and each had an arm and several ribs broken. GREAT STORM IN THlE ENGLISH CHANNEL. A very violent storm, attended by a serious shipping disaster and loss of life, has occurred in the English Channel. The steamers City of Corinth and Tasmania came into collision. The former was run into by the Tasmania and sank, and thirty of her crew were drowned. The Bou logno steamer had a a narrow escape of being wrecked near Folkstone. Tele graphic communication with the Continent is interrupted, and this is also due to the fury of the gale. Three of the Brixton lifeboat crew were drowned in going to rescue lives from the wreck of a vessel named the Sirria. ,OENEERAL. In the House of Commons to-night 3Ir Labouchere, the member fur Northamp ton, brought forward a motion, of which he had previously given notice, in favor of the abolition of the hereditary principle in the House of-Lords. After a full de bate, in the course of which Mr Gladstone made a speech in support of the proposal, the motion was rejected by a majority of sixty-one votes.. Following the recent example of the rulers of other Indian states, the M1ahara jah of Cashmere has, through theyViceroy, Lord Dufferin, offered a generous assist ance to the Queen in the defence of the British Empire. i The Russian press express uneasiness at the probable political results of the death. of the late Emperor of Germany. The Russian Court and thewhole of the Rue sian army have been ordered to go into mourning for a month for the late.Em peror. The Imperial family are receyiing messages of condolence and aympathy frotm all parts of the world. 