 A KING DESERTED. ' MANUEL'S DB6PBRATB HOURS. (Telegraphed trom Fremantle to the - Melbourne' '.'Argus.") \ v. ' LONDON. Oolcher 14. It was not until this week ibat we received o. consecutive and original | V-count of the Portuguese rebeinou. h never oxtended beyond Lisbon, for «b econ as the revolutionaries secured' control of lihe capital, all the provinces accepted the new Gtoveru injent without a shadow of resistance. After taauel entertained the Braallian President (Marehal Foraeeca) at Balen Palace on October 3, he returned to the Neci&afdades Palace. At! through the evening be was low-spirit ed, and distorted by news which had .omcfaow reached him. He sat up late 'writing, and went to.bed without at tendance. The "Standard" corres pondent e&y6:-"Shortly after 1 o'clock in the morning the boom of six gums, which gave the signal for the revolu tion, waj heard, | THE KING AWAKENED. .The aide-de-camp on duty immed iately woke the King, who recognised ai once what was Afoot Unraistake Able warnings bod not been lacking. He dressed rapidly, and going himself to the telephone, rang up tlie Minister for the Interior. He received no an ewer. Bltber the wires had been cut or orders given that the Ministers were not to ,be found. Finally mes sengers were sent out of the palace* but they did not come back. The dawn began to break. A crock ling sound of rifle came up from the low town and then, with a tremendous * clash, a shell came through the roof of the Eastern wing of the palace, and dmrst the inner courtyard. Another big shell Biruck the cornice of the ,6amo wing. Then the bark of smaller guns was heard-3 and 12 pounders »nd a ball of shell struck the exposed wings,, entering the front and riddling the roof. AN INFERNAL CHOItUd, The- Infernal chorus ended with the scream of a big projectile, which cu rled awny a "whole window In lis fran:o. anil played havoc in more than one rno-ii c-t the first fleer. The bom. baidmcnt Ituicd a minute only, bnt It was long: c>:ou?rh for these whose duty it was tc- £-(&y, to leave the sJnMns Chip or the House of llrncajisa. It is said that at cue time oaly two do mestic servants regained ta the palucft With the King; that not on? c-f his Ministers or Councillors ventured to come neir him, and that the members Cf ihc* (Government consented thcni eelveg with needing a message to tii? effect .that, it: view of the serious events that were taking place, they ad vised His Majesty to make arrange ments to trersport himself to a place cf safety. It was made known to the King that if he cared to leave by the North load no obstacle should be placed in bis way. He hid no one left to advise fcim sare three perEons. Eventually the King left the palace in a motor car, proceeding first ,to Clntra, where be remained seme hours. On hear ing that the navy, as well as the army, had/deserted him, he was driven to Alflfra, where, be was joined by > the Queen Mother and the Queen Maria t»la. They fcund the palace at Mafra pltnoet empty, but neighbouring resi dents supplied them with food and ser vants for that (Tuesday) night Nest day was brought the news that the tide , of the revolution was gaining strength, ^fypd that there wias no hope of it be iiit tui-nei. The King was also inform ed that the noyai yacht was on its way to Erlceira. The King borrowed snoney (rem a wealthy Matra resident and a few .handkerchiefs. He had only one small bag. His mother bad H tin box, an-i Maria PI a had nothing. An cscort of cavalry pccotnmnial the 1 JtayM ija'ty in two mi/*cr-cata iJ Kriu'lrn, vvhero the y^obt arrival . v.iih this King's- uucle, Alfonso oi» I teard. £lJB£[RAL -KEIS'S SUICIDE Hip first vk«:im at the revolnticn \r.-.s the nun who dirked the revc:u- I tii-nary movement, and died' by his ! ewn hand, Admiral Cuudldo ReJs, a ! frlei'.'t oT the Klrg or.d a pllbr of tin* 1 tnon^rrhy. On Sunday mght fue 1 revolution:,ry committee met at bis ! Iiouse fu secret session for the last j limp. The signp] fcr rising was drawn up by the Admiral htasell, and ' proved. The signal that was to heral.l 4h? dawn of the new era was to be the dlt-sliur^c t>l els guns by the fl&lt;*ei The signal was duly given, but f.io finny did jio* immediately respond, as vras eKpecfed- fn Ciie gi/m, cai-i for;- i TCF.3 bairlcades of Castctho de Sao Jorge, two wUole rogiinente of in fanrry ttoo.l Arm'to -the Crown. D llcfflment of Cavnlry, believed to bo Lesicged In its quarters, had escaped* cud two-thirdp or the arMUcry remain* Hnu. So Reis jumped to thp con clusion lhat;thc re\cJullon bad nilcd. Picking up a revolver .that lay- upon ! Jus table, he shot tymceff through the j tiead. I . l'OUNG Mtof'S HE VOLT, Hera, us in. Turkey, -It wag (he young men of Ihe araiy who became easoclototl nltli the movement for re-1 volt; and It is araazlpg to And how , few ' their numbers were. In all; | only TO officers of the .army and nary took active part In the prc]iarat)on of the revolution, and the array supplied but two officers of rank-one genera, and one colonel. The rest were cap tains, subalterns, ttnd students from the military schools. When the sig nal to rise boomed from the Tagus, there inarched out against tlio Monarchy only one regiment (12 guns) of artfllcy and a beggar!}* ha'f bat , tallnn of ltfairtry. less than 500 men ! In all. The Infantry unit was tl:* tflHi. the regiment - of which tho King ol Spain Is cue of the colonels. The colonel commanding wob a brave man. Ho stood at the barrack gates, one captain it his side, and said to the rebels, "Only ever my body shall you march against your King." "Over your body be It then," was the reply. jL. revolver snoke twicc, and tho frmtinocrs ot. the 16th found so living nan to hinder their passage, t | BAILORS SOLID IN REVOLT. the most «o>14 unit of tJie revolu ?Jonaiv army was fofmed by the ssll ere of the fleet. . They proved to lie extraordinarily susceptiblo to revolu tionary Ideis. and came oyer to a man. .Three war *Mp« were moored In the »iv"«r^the D6m Oarloe (ftagthlp), the Adamastnr, and the Sao Raphael. !fhe (Uter two led the revolt, but on th» flagship the officers remained loyal, i They seized the magazine -and. armoury, anil tor some time prevented , the men joining their rebellious com rades. These officers were overcome i In the struggle on the quarter-deck. Some were killed, and some were made prisoners by a boarding party ~ Bent ? L'rom tlie rebel cruisers. Tiie naval l/arracks on,, the shore contained 500' m&lt;*n, nil favourable to revolution, but tLe commandant was loyuJ and Btauuoh He suffered for his loyalty. They rid- j died him with bullets. I When 4he morning of October 14 | dawned the forces ol the Revolution 1 consisted, therefore, of about 3,500 ! men, .sailors., 1,000, artillery with 12 i Cutis -250, infantry (ball oI the 16 th ; Regimen t)'250, end armed civilian*. 2.000. , I 1' LEADER OP THE MOTLEY ARMY.' ! The man who led this motley army to victory was not even an officer only a commissary of the navy. His name, Ataebado San-tos, is likely to be written in Portuguese history. Ar rayed against this force was ihe 61s-' .clplincil array, horse, foot, and artill ery, numbering something like 8,000 men. There were two regiments o£ artillery (31 guns), two regiments of cavalry ot Ihe line, five or bIx regi ments of fntantry, the police of Lis bon, and the regiments of the guard, who were by far the best troops in Portugal, and said by the republicans to number 1,800 men. GOO of whom were cavalry. On the face of It, therefore, it look ed as if. the loyalists ought to hav^ blotted out the rebels in half an hour, but, as a natter of fact, Ihe greater part of the loyalists could not be de pended upon. None of the line of reg iments did more ttbaji mark time, wailing to see bow the flght would go, and ready, If not anxious, to side with tbe revolutionaries. Their officers were aware -how matters stood, and made no real effort to win the men back to alleglaucc. THE BRAVE GUARDS, The police were occupied Id guard ing clilier Ui«* persons of Ministers or the property of the state, and the \vhol£ burden and beat of the day fell upon the gi.ards They waged a hope Irr.s slru^le. At daybreak on the 4th, the main body of the rebel force had telscd a poFlUcn that commanded nil Lisbon &lt;Yem above the Avenidi da ! JJherdado. Fiora the bottom of Ulb avenue, i where the central station la sltuaitsd, I the ground rises evenly for 3,600 yards | to a rouud * point called tihe Praca M'jrquez Pcir.bal. There the rebelft I placed four guns, two in shallow Pits j i-cmtnandlng tlic eide streets for the 1 protection of the infantry escort. Tho larricado was erected, the material used being of wood. The whole* struc ture was of the flimsiest kind, wholly incapable of stopping bullets. Beyond this position the Northward ground vlv.es eharply to the bore hilltop, which is to be converted Into King Edward Park. Upon the &H1. which dominat es! the whole neighbourhood, more guns were placed. . The ainmuLltlon waggons were safe ly hidden In a quarry that lay handy, hut th:-ugh the soil wag favourable, and the exposed position of the suns demanded it, no attempt was made to dig gun pits. The infantry escort, in this case chiefly composed of armed civilians, was also entirely without cover. Thus, it the Royalist troops had been In earnest, they could easily lhave fouud a position for their ar tillery sheltered from the fire of the warships, and from which they could have blotted out this rebel force that stood exposed to every bullet that came along. But the bulk of the Roy alist troops were not in earnest, and the Guards who would fight and did fight were, as the result of treachery, so hopelessly spilt up and badly placed that their gallant efforts were wasted. The rebels were successful because jlioy were In earnest. In trusting to the auny vnd l-he monarch levi ed upon n bro'en >ced. Both sorvlc:? were r icsily ccr.upted by the pru of tho revolutionary move ment. POLITICIANS BLAMED 1 "J believe." says the "Standard" cor IrEpcndout, "that I he politicians nho Save served I lit.* monarchy so liaily In the Uijvermiient ofllces are solely responsible for what has taken place. In llie Interests of the well-to-do they ullowed all who could pay_a certain sura to escape the military service, I fcihioh was supposed to tor everybody. IMIUA t national deteneo fell whol poor-a grievance which credit monarchical rule, &ud army cuue to be composed of men belonging to the some class, and pre* dlapcs&d to support the revolutionary movement' It might have been pos sible, even after the revolt had broken autt to save tho monarchy It a man haa been available-a real man, acrer mlued, capable, aud bold, who would foave taken hold or the forces of ihe State. . ' , ROYAL FUGITIVES EAT SAiHDINBa Another 'correspondent slates:" "Captain Dea&lt;t, Who commanded the Royal yacht from Erlciera, states tliat^ the summons to take the Royal fugi tives aboard left ohly two hours lor preparation. The only provisions on board were bread, potatoes, and vege tables. The evening meal consisiec of sardines, an ontremet, cheese, fruit, and rough vln ordinaire, which Queen Amelia could not drink. Slio aaked for water. Menucl took the common wine without complaint. He express ed to hU Uncle Alfonso a certain feeling of satisfaction with what bad happened, and declared that he was ut terly weary of the Crown ot Portugal. The IClng" spoke in strong terms ot tne dleguat he felt with the crmy oJ -sycophants and corrupt place hunters, who had surrounded the throne, and b§ did not hesitate to express his ad miration fbr some of the Republican .leaders, who. ait all events, His Majesty observed, 'bad shown courage I and energy, whereas the warring sec tion of the Monarchist party had shown neither resolution nor ordinary pluck. "The young Icing felt very bit terly Ms complete defertion by tnose who had alwayt been foremost in pro fessing undying loyalty. As an in fctance of this. , it may be said that on the day of his flight he had sot seen a single member of his Cabinet, nor did they seek to communicate wltli him in any way, or Inform him of tbo course of events. When the storm broke, the members of the Cabinet fled the country, or hid themselves in 1 thrtr houses, leaving the young monarch to look after himself. The j late Prime Mltister wa3 the only mem-i ber of the Cabinet who was prevented i from bolting with the rest He was I wounded in the foot by a bullet when leaving his house earljr on Tuesday morning, end this accident kept hltn a pri&Diier at home/' . f 