 MELBOURNE TO LOISDOfit flf* 150 HOURS, PROPOSED AERIAL MAIL SERVICE. '' Jbondon to Melbourne by aerial service . in ISO hours. This is the concrete pro-* posal of Mr. Reginald Lloyd, recently arrived from London, who is placing be fore the commercial worlds of Australian capital cities a scheme for the carriage of mail matter and parcels between Eng- ; land and Australia. Satisfactory financial j backing has already been vouchsafed in London and Sydney. ?! To operate the' service it is estimated '* that an expenditure of £500,000 will bo , necessary, while for the pioneer work — i mapping out the route and stations— an \ outlay of nearly £10,000 will be involved. ! . The first step is the preparation of a ' chart of the air, and it is primarily for ; this purpose that Mr. Lloyd has per- . sonallv visited Australia. { The route that will probably be decided ? upon will run first to the furthest point ' in Australia from Melbourne (Cape York), j which is tho nearest point to the Malay i Archipelago. Hence it 'must be laid out j to Siam and Burmah. via New Guinea,! Celebes. Borneo, and Penang. across the - Malay Archipelago to 'the Continent of ? Asia-, and from that point through India,; Arabia and Egypt to Port Said, lnci- ' dentally .arrangements will have to be . made for the sites of. relay and landing , stations, as it is only proposed to fly each machine 800 miles, which would' mean 40 stations between Melbourne and London, i To 'make preliminary plans for the route : it is the intention of Mr. Lloyd to take j a party, including surveyors and flying '? exports, from Melbourne or Sydney to Port ' Said. In this expedition it is estimated ; the greatest stretch of water in any one place will not exceed 60 mi'les. On land , the journey will be made wfith motor I cyc'.es. while on the water a pearling !usrs;er will be utilised. Once the route is satisfactorily estab- ] lisbed Mr. Lloyd claims that tne aerial ? service from London to Sv'dney will be .; accomplished in 150 hours of flying, on the ; basis that the aeroplanes wrill average at Jeast 80 miles an hour on the 12,000 miles . between the two points. But the actual i time occupied by the service between these j cities would be 300 hours, after allowing ; 150 hours for resting. This computation l would only involve daylight flying, but ; Mr. Lloyd claimed jt would be a certaintv } that at a later period the machines would ? fly by nitht. especially over India and [ parts of Northern Australia. In round ?figures the breach between Melbourne and London would be spanned in ten days ! ? Spenkina; recently with recard +o the pronmtion of his great Austral-London Aerial Syndicate, Mr. Ros;inald Lloyd covered much of the general around work of air service and brought his practical exporipnoes in England to bear on aerial ; possibilities in Australia.. I ''Aviation is at once the latest and the } craest craze. ' said Mr. A-!oyci. 'An , impression exists among the mass of the general public that the science of aerial navigation is s6methhi.ee of very recent birth. This is not so though it is a very natural impression when the remarkable , — nny. marvellous — development of flying during the nast decade is reviewed in 'per- spective. Last year in Ion don Lady Droghedn arranged- ail exhibition of pic tures and models which as a record of aerial activity covered a period of mora than 500 years. 'But even this comprehensive array ol historic nerial exhibits did not reach back to the time when the desire to emulate the birds first took shape in the minds [of men. For that wo should hnvo-tq go j back, in all probability, to the beginnings j of the human race. Nobodv has counted ; tho years since Daedalus flew across the 1 Aegean and Icarus came to grief on tho t | same journey. j I 'And now 'everybody's doing it' — .or ; will bo very shortly ! The air has been I definitely conquered, and the aeroplane I has come to stay. The 'dreams ot the | yesteryear flying cranks' have come true. 1 Jules Verne has been vindicated . . . ; and if time presses you can breakfast in ; ? London, lunch m Paris, and be back in gooo time to keep that afternoon business ; appointment in Threadneedle-streetl ! | 'Handley Page has commonised this i orstwhiio 'dream' cross-channel trip into i an everyday affair run to a timetable.' 'So, wake up Australia! 'Tho pioneer movement for the com. menxalisation of flying on a definite busi- j ness basis has been well started. Au»- I tralia is already far ahead of tho other 'Dominions in taking prompt advantage of ; aerial -'progress to hnk up the Common- ? wealth with tbo Ontre of Empi'Tf. But shall we stop there? 'fmagino for n moment the tirno whon flvinp- like mr.t.or.me. is free for all. The introduction of the motor car has revolu tionised road construction. The same thine; will apply to the a;r machine. 'Api-yptancr will bp lironsed. aei;i.'l route' controlled nnd patrolled by ?wius^'J policemen, who will arraign tho pilots of tho sky taxis in tho same old fashion for tho same old oflVnces against traffic , regulations. } 'That aerial traffic will eventually— l and i.n tho not too clisf.nivL future— be s.ub jected .to regul.aticiu by civ.i'c authority ,is tKJrtairi, TWii jniplids ii r^duistbility on' ithe part of all municipal .bddies to tak© heed of the necessities of tKe impending j Aerial Age, and by taking' time by th-e forelock to protect the public' interest. Jt- is not a question of ..'.enterprise. It i« a duty. And, above all, it will be an inex pensive duty.' — 'Land, Transport, and Sea Trade.' . .j- ...-.'. 