 f^pü MELBOURNE. | "I am fn the place where I am demanded of ' conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I bpeak, impugn it whoso list," 'IO CORRESPONDEOS. E\eo* letter must lie nrrornponlcd by tin» name omi address of Uw writer, not i.trcssarily for publication, but nu it Riiaruntee of good faith. Correspondent» ntc requested to inform the 1'Uttor if their lett oí-« hate hceit t-ent to another paper. Rejected lett ein will nut he returned. Correflpoiw dents «re urî\if-ed to keep copies oí flieh Jettors, a« tiiff) rule will hi* adhcicd ta fftrfciîy. ÜKNI:K.MJ. It IB requested1 Jhat all bu M ness communication« be addressed to -the O en ern 1 Manager, or to Wilson and Mackinnon, "The Argus" o (Tice. The latest time for rocchi ti if advertisements (other than neces«irii¿ late Death and Funeral Notices) for "The Ai-gus" ii:-At City and Suburban News Agents', 5 45 p.m.j at "Ihe Argus" office, 8 p.m. Hesideii Incurring inn extra fco, insertion or clafislHeallon IK not guaranteed after 8 p.m. Advertisement«! -should be addressed to the Aflvertffing department, not to the Editor. * , Subscriber to "The Argus" experiencing any ' difficulty In obtaining .their papers ure requested to communicate with the Circulation Manager, "Tlie Argun" office., Melbourno. TV address of the London office of "The Argus" and "Tlie Auntralasiun" in iii Fleet street, Lort* don V..C. 1._^_^ TUESDAY, A PHIL 20. J020. .FORTY-FOUR HOURS FIASCO. It rarely happens thal ti constitu- tional question of the first iniporliinee Involves considerations of fact anti law so eleni* that they can bo readily appre- hended hy person-« no1 trained in legal science. Such II question, however, was recently presented to the High Court of Australia in what is popularly known as the "Forly-four Hours Case," the decision in,which was announced yos terduy. The moro closely the average observer regards tile merits of that question the more dlfllcult. will he find it to comprehend how the question could ever have heen raised, or how the Legislature of Xew South Wales could have deluded Itself, if It did HO, with the belief that the act might jioislbly be upheld by the High Court as. const I tutionnl. The law of tho matter lay within a relatively narrow cominis«. The Federal Constitution give the Federal Parliament power to legislate for the settlement of certain 'industrial disputes. Pursuant to IhaL power the Federal Parlinmcnl passed an Arbitra- tion "Act under which an Arbitration Court was sel up with authority, inter ulla, to settle such disputes by an uttard, and the award so made was declared by the Arbitration Act lo be binding on the jin riles to the dispute. .So far nothing could be clearer. "What- ever tile terms of any valid award might he, it derived ils authority from ii law ol' Um Commonwealth, and that law niade it (lie basis of the settlement if Hie &lt;lis|iu(e, and made it binding on he jitirties. There I« one other jirn \I-Uni of the Constitution Hint is niiilerlal. Keel ion Kill provides thal, ¡«lien lite law of :t State is inconsistent with a law of Hie Coiiu-Aonwoallh. the lutter shnll prevail, and that the State It law shall, lo the extent of its incou- « sistency, ho invalid. c It was against this legislative back- ** ground that thpTiirlininent of the State of Xew South «'liles jirocecded to erect, j Its Forty-four Hours Week Act îniiiî. g The Xew South Wales l'arliaiuont know n jierfoetly well Unit many nwnrils of the t Commonwealth Arbitrât lou Court were f oiierntive in New South Wales, and Hint s in most of these awards ;iS hours were d fixed for a week's work, it knew thnt c it law of the Commonwealth made these a awards binding on Hie purtles to the s disputes settled by the awards. Never- B theless it gally advanced to the attack, 0 and, undeterred, ¡ipjinrently, by any » petty considerations us to validity, it c proceeded to pass Hie hill. Section 0 " provided, for a -H-hours week, mid sec- " tion lu"salt], in effect, that If ¡t Com- t uionwoalth arbitration award provided n for a maximum weekly rate of, e.g., -l8 r hours, the maximum weekly rnlc was r to be -1*1 hours! In this innocent i>ro- fi vision some liase souls professed to see t nu inconsistency between the Common- t wealth law and the State law. How j could they? Still, they dirt-and they r took it to tile High Court. And now fl the High Court has njijiarently decided c Hutt 44 hours are not, when accurately 0 counted, precisely équivalent to 4H ¡¡ hours, and that a átate law providing u c .H-hour week is inconsistent with a c Commonwealth law which binds parties j to observe an arbitral award of -IS \ hours per week. j The Parliament of Xew South Wales 1 lind another barrel to Its industrial gun. t That was section 1.1. Igijornnt, per- t Imps, of the sad falo Hint awaited sec- tion li!, the Legislature in section K1 delivered itself of its commnads regard- ' ing minimum wages at an hourly, dally, t or weekly rule. Those commands wore » In effect as follow :-If under Com- c monweallh law an nwnrd is made for n t .IS-hour week* with wnges at n minimum t rntc of so much per hour, the rate of &lt; those wages was to bo increased accord- r Ing to it formula contained In the sec- » tlon; and, further, that, any hours j worked over Jl in u week were to he j paid for tit 'overtime rates*. In other 1 words, the Commonwealth law made i the minimum rnte of pay in the award t binding, mid bound the employer to pny ( it ; and the State law bouud the em- i ployer to pay a higher minimum rate. ( Anti, just lu case the employer observed t the Commonwealth law Hint bound him j und refused "to pay to an enifuoyoo , 'the additional amounts proscribed in j "«section l8," the State net added, In ( section lu, a jirovlslqn Hint the employer t should imy a penalty not exceeding £20, j as well as the "additional wages ho t liad refused to pay! Was the State law -. inconsistent with the Commonwealth ( law? Some jieople said they thought , not. The High Court thought It was, t mid everybody who is famtlinr with the j ordlnnry eoinmon-sense menning of the ( Knglifcli, langunge will heartily ngree. t There ' aro occasions when even the nicest legal subtleties collnjisp miser- ably before the plain mid homely force ? of our mother tongue. , 'Apart from purely legal questions, i other considerations of this peculiar i action of (he'Ncw South Wales Parlla- ¡ ment -will present themselves to tile t interested observer. It is n legitímate , hypothesis that Ihe Xew South Wales j Government, kuew perfectly well, Hint j Its act would very probably be declnred ¡ unconstitutional. How, then, could the ¡ workers of Xew Sont li Wales receive ( any ben'clit from it If Uley were already ¡ bound under a Commonwealth award? j Obviously, only by ceasing to lie bound , by the Federal award and by coining ¡ under nu award of Hie State Industrial r tribtinnR Tiley could cease to be bound , by the Federal award if the union were 1 formally dercgistored. And they could , get the benefit of a State award of -l-l « hours per week if they took the'reqnl- ( site steps to place themselves under the , State tribunals. In other words, the abortive provisions of the Forty-four lio«T Week. Act-may have been de- signed as nothing moro nor less than an attack on the Commonwealth organisa-; tlon for the fieltlement of ind.ustTiol disputes, an Inducement to the workers of Xew South Wales to reject the ' Commonwealth-Court when Hie clreuni stancos* suited and to resort to Stnte tribunals. To assert (hat such was, in fact, the aim of Hie Government would ' at this stage be premature. To dis- regard it entirely as'a possible explana- tion of the peculiar legislation would ' lie fatuous. Finally, Hie workers of Australia should rejoice equnlly with the cm jiloyers at this vindication by the High Court of tile princljiles of tile Constl- ' Itillou. and its firm rejection of a men sure flagrantly in'conflict with tlimu. For the decision is ti two-edged sword. If it in this case assures lo the emjiloyors immunity from State 'legis- lation which sought to penalise them for their observance of Commonwealth law it equally creates II precedent which will jiroteet workers should their rights under Conimomvoiillli law be attacked by a State Government unscrupulously sympathetic to employers. And how; ever ojilnions may differ as to the value of the Commonwealth Industrial Court; everyone agrees thnt Its functions would be hopelessly dernnged if it were to be beset and impeded at every turn by Slate interference. The decision of the High Court introduces at, least 'one element of certainty in a realm hitherto too often distliigiiislipil by confusion and even chnos. When Mr. Hogan, M.L.A., piophcsies nn carlv election the it ¡«h is piobnbly father to the thought. In spite of the dis- illusionment of Hie Feilend election, the pally bellete« thul it enn nilly to lU blumer most of tlio induHtrinlistH «ii the mctinpolis. M.unlj oiwng lo tile (hu- mous of Hu opponents, it lum nulli lied sm e-s.ics in the country tt hielt ruiisc it to think Hint it lins g.imeil ground tlicie. The bailees for its expansion in Unit ilnectioii, tlionijli slender pnoimli in noriniil political times, slum* n fiigilnc glimmet of btiglil liess nt jil osent, -»»hen one section of its opponents seems lo be inoie roiicel ned with inlciiiecinc stufe tlmii »» ith the ne-ces sitj for presenting a united fiunt lo the euiiimoii foe. If tim bul fur au .ibnolulc majen Hy in Pnrliimieiil is ever to be sue» esp fill it must be minie befóle Hie exist lug inequitable electoral boundaries are leviicd. Once in ¡lower, tile jiarty would have a hunco to formulate a Relíeme of icdistii bution mole favourable to its own inteiest». Add lo these consKleiations the fuel that the pin ty oiganisiitiou is netei luipi epai eil foi an cleetion, and Ml. Hogan'** wistful rcfeicnce** will be appreciated. The levon for MmUtciiuliht« is plnin. Thej should OIOPC up their lank«, sink ¡ndivii'luaj.'.'ambi tiona in n iiiic8t_for_iiiore' inspiring Jçujlçr sltiji, nml prQçoc'd'with the', coiisldcrniion of urgent pioblems, including, rodistiibu tion. . 1 '.:?' "n-n- ? ? , Tim questions piomptod by snell happen- ings ni tiloso in tbo city on Fiidiiy ninl Satin day iii'connection with tim University commencement celebrations uro not confincil to the degree of lioisteiousncss or tile in finctioiin of good tnstc miliilgeil in by the students. The outstanding objection to demonsti niions of the kind is tlmt the city of Melbourne lus outgro««ii them. In a nu ni village ii display of harmless non- sense- pimilled it wai, linrmlcbs-by liigh spiiitcd jnnlig men might be tolei.ited, null oven welcomed ns a di« ersinn; but not in n gi eut city. The mum street«, arc ah cady congested viith pede.sti inns and vehicles, und to disoiganisc the trnllic's ouleily flos«, ns svas done, in home cases wilfully, by the students, might e.ib\ly cause FCIIOIIH accidents. It is nlno eonceis'nble tlmt persons not in close touch vsith tho coi poratc lite of the University might not be so imbued viith the spiut of carnival ns tbo students themselves, nnd thus be tempted to inlcipret good-himiom ed hoise plny as mero ltidcness. There is i cully no reason ii hy the opening of the University should bo any more the occasion for nu ebullition of high «pints than the opening of Parliament. Univeisity midci graduates aie not schoolboys, but young men; ninny of them, morcovei, base had the advantngc of flint training m the higher foims of public schools vshich is supposed to inipait balance and a sense of s«lmt one o««'CS to his fellow members of the community. To intiodiice a saner mode of celebrating the commencement of the academic year would impose no haidsliip on anyone. "When Sir Graham Berry vient to Eng- land many «cars ago to mouse interest in the constitutional struggles in Victoria, with n view- to seeming the intervention of the Imperial Government, ho complained that the people «vere so excited ovor the adventures and misdeeds of Charlie Pence, the murderer, tlmt they could not give any nttcntiou to such a sciions subject ns that which he lind in hand. The position is dilTeieiit, today. Oin uickx-leis have ni lived in Kngland at a time »hen tho mr has been full of tall;'of strikes, and there has been almost nn obsession that some- thing dil a svns going to happen. Imme- diately national calamities faded into the bnckgiound, and the crickcteis icccivcd «n extraordinary welcome, tho intciest their doing« being so-vivid that it seemed ns if national chaos' sverc nothing compnicd' with international cricket. So embarrass- ing sveic tho attentions that Jlacai tiley was oonstrsined to piotcst that nu .Australian cricketer icceivcd moie publicity than tin Prince of ¡Wales! Probably the Pi ince, of AValcs1 himself is delighted at the diversion. Whatever the outcome of the .Siistrulians' efforts to retain tile "ashos," their visit will not have been in vain it the interest stimulated by- them succeeds in diverting the attention of the British people for 'a lime from the issues which seem to have been flaying their nerves lately. Sometimes when n countryman comes to tosvn he loses his watch nnd chain mid wallet, nt the hands of affable companions, and is loft to make his siiiy bnck to the bush as bes'í'hó'can, poor'iri poàet'nrid ricli expel iencc. The counti'y delegate to the Ne««- South AValcs Labour Conference, IVIIOKC «mazing story'wc publish this moi li- bad an expeiience which diffeiod ii little fiom the ordinal)* ninv He succeeded retaining his personal possessions' (so far as ss'o knaiv), but he lost) all his cherished illusions, and eveiy vestige of his faith, in his fellow Labour men of the cit.«. If his story be true-and it lings ti ile-his subsequent hittei and unspni ing denuncia- tions of his associates are understandable The expressive word "eiookB" runs thiough out his philippic, and be givos illus- trations of the ciookad vvoik «s'hicli justifies his use of the term. A .Labour man may bo nn honest man, and, 'ns'hucli ho may be esteemed personally .even- by, those who think his ideals so false that they aie im- pelled to light-against them with all the weapons of political 'warfare.' But for'such men as these' despicable intriguers who trailed'Hie name'of a part); in the, mud, and .did"not'hesitate to slab "comrailes.'in the buck'when ¡t_ suited their omi teJfi.sli purpose, there eau be nothing hut con*i tempt. The next nillir«!!« CoiiMnatoilum roiitcrt, IA Hu, .Melbourne í-trliiB Quitrín ««III lie * licld' Ilium]««, night Instead of «Wlneadns. .Vt Hie meei loir of Hie l'ltrroy branch of tin.' Australian Nwtlses' Association this ciculnir, tit lim fossil lull, nn Illustrated lecture, "Tlie Snr«e« uf the Griiit lliirrier ilcef" Mill be glsen by Fllglit-laleutcnant Mustard, It.A.A.F. The publie is cordially in« Heil.' . . MEETING8 . TO-DAT. Conference of prohibition ' organisation, lade* pendent Hull, Collin«, street,, 2.80. « Women's ('Wien movement, connell meet- ing, Indcpeiiiti'lit Hall, Cullin» street, ¡I, Institute of Engineers incctliig, aVmuc l!ou«e. Collins «reef, 8. Partially Mindai Soldiers* Association meet- ing, 312 Flinders street, S. Microscopical Society of Victoria tncrtlng,- noynl Socicti's Hull, Vlctoila rtrcct, 8. Illustrated lecture by Major T. VV. While, "Kx nepuice in Turkey and Hussla," i'nihrnu Tois'n Hall, 8. i , ' 