 A Cheerful Invalid "TDK IDLE HOUKR OF A VICTORIOUS IN- i ». I y Ijftne Crnuford (Chapman and fin . jAoimon ; Robertson and Mullens, Melbourne). Trice. 10/C. This is a. unique book — a wonder fully cheerful and Inspiring book, writ ten by a patient who has passed through many years of suffering, nnd tins come out triumphantly into re newed health. Tlio reader follows him to IXarley Street for consultations with tho doctors, to the nursing homo, the operating theatre, and through the long stages of convalescence to the final at tainment of a normal life. As the publisher's note rightly says, all who have been in any way afflicted in body or mind will realise the courage and optimism with which tne book is filled; it is a work to put mankind on com- fortablo terms with Pate. But it is more than that; it is fine literature, full of good things — gems of story and anecdote, culled from tho patient's reading, and entertaining re- llections and meditations on all sorts of things, as, for instance, in tho chap ters on "Books and Rending" and "Through an Invalid's Window." Dur ing the course of his invalid career Mr, Crauford has consulted, or heen at tended by, fifty-five medical men in London and seaside towns, and, as everybody is writing reminiscences— stage-doorkeepers, butlers, and the like — why, be asks, should not an invalid? All that need be said on this point is that his reminiscences are well worth writing about. "It may be," bo says in the final chapter, "that this book will meet the eye of some invalids suffering a long and serious illness. To them I would say:— 'Take heart of grace. Smile, if you can. If not, grind your teeth. But stick to it; put your back to the wall, and fight like the devil. If circum stances and the forces of Nature are too strong for you, remember that, however fell your disease, it cannot touch your soul but to better it. And if you must go down, nail your colors to the mast, and go down with all your lings a -flying.'" JC. V. Lucas hns a pretty theory thnt certain books somehow mysteriously steer their way into suitable hands. The author of this book hopes that tills may be tho case with it; and others will hope so, too, for it cannot fall to act as a splendid tonic. It is a book, however, that deserves to be read by th&lt;? healthy, ns well as the sick. 