 ENGLAND TO CAPE TOWN Mrs. Mollison's Great Flight Beats Record by 1 I Hours Melbourne Merchant's Gift of £1,000 LONDON, November 19. Mrs. J. A. Mollison (Miss Amy Johnson) landed at Cape Town at 1.30 p.m. (G.m.t.), having flown from England and established a record for the journey ol' 6,200 miles. Her time was 4 days 6 hours 52 minutes, the previous record held by her husband being 4 days 17 hours 22 minutes. She thus beats his time by 11 hours. Although weary from strain and sleeplessness, Avithin a few minutes" of landing Mrs. Mollison telephoned to her hus- band in London to tell him of her success. A large croAvd gave the airwoman an enthusiastic Avèlcome and cheered her, while congratulations Avere shOAvered on her from all sides. . Mr. A. E. Whitelaw, a merchant, of Melbourne, has giA'en £1,000 in recognition of her performance. Congratu- latory cables Avere sent by the Secretary for Air (Lord Lon- donderry) , Lord Wakefield, the Aeronautical Society, and Cap- tain Hope, the King's Cup winner. SCENE ON ARRIVAL CroAvd Breaks Barrier Incidents of Flight CAPI-1 TOWN, November 19. Mrs. Mollison left Mossamedes at 5 a.m. yesterday (G.m.t.), and passed Port Nolloth at 10.20 a.m., and Hopefield at 12.25 p.m. A vast crowd assembled at Cape Town to witness her arrival, and the air- woman was overwhelmed with congratu- lations on lier magnificent achievement. Tlio crowd broke down the harriers and cheered wildly tis Mrs. Mollison-allght od, and remarked: "My, it's fine to see Cape Town again," She Is delighted to have beaten her husband, although she would not be sur- prised if ho hopped Into a plane and at- tempted to smash the new record. She said: "The oil trouble was due to a spot in the filter, but it was raining MRS. J. A. MOLLISON. The famous airwoman, who has beaten her husband's record from England to Capetown by 11 hours. cats and dogs. I failed to got experts to help, and had to improviso my own tool at Gao. I ordered them to lill the tanks, and after two hours found them almost empty. I don't know what would have happened if. I had not discovered it." THE KING'S MESSAGE. The King has telegraphed to Mrs. Mollison as follows: Heartiest congratulations on your splendid achievement, and I trust you are not too greatly exhausted." STRAIN OF SLEEPLESSNESS. In a broadcast talk at Cape Town Mrs. Mollison said that the strain of sleeplessness had been terrific. Refer- ring to her experiences on the journey, she said that the worst stretch was from Puala to Benguela, flown by night. The broadcast was relaid to London. Mrs. Mollison said that sho undertook the flight as a test of endurance. She slept overnight during the flight to Aus- tralia, hut now had flown for a day and a night, and was still quite fresh and ready to return. . She shows little distress after 14 hours of continuous sleep. Her machine, the Desert Cloud, is a standard De Havilalnd Puss Moth cabin aeroplane fitted with a Gipsy-Major en- gine of 130 horse-power, and equipped with special petrol tanks. Normally these machines carry tanka with a capa- city of 3G gallons, but by utilising the space for fuel tanks occupied by the back seats the capacity was increased to 120 gallons, the range being increas- ed from B50 to 1,850 miles. Tho route was the most direct possible, with halts at Barcelona, Oran, Gao, Niamey, Duala, Benguela, and Mossamedcs. MOLLISON OVERCOME Faith in Wife's Skill Telephone Conversations LONDON, November 19. , Mr. Mollison was overcome willi emo tion.at the news, and said: "1 knew Amy would do it. The world may havo thought that she could nevei repeat her flight to Australia, but this shows that she has It in her. The feat would be fine for a man, but for a woman it is splendid." Within'a few minutes of landing at Cape Town Mrs. Mollison was In tele- phonic communication , with her hus- band In Loudon, who assured her of the personal pride he felt in the perform- ance, which he said would probably do more to advance British aviation than any single flight yet done, VVheu Mol- lison suggested that she must be tired after her four days' flight, during which she had only five hours' sleep, she said that she "was not too tired to go on talk- ing. _ FEAR OF THE, DESERT. Mr. Mollison was lu the office of the "Dally Express" when the telephono call caine through. She said that she was tired, but was afraid lo go to sleep be- cause sha did not think sue would wake up again. Mollison told his wife lo get a bath and food, and he would call her In two hours. In the second conversation, Mrs. Mol- lison said that the miles of desert with- out a single landmark frightened her more than anything else. She did not know whether she was on the course or not. She had purposely thrown over- board the water which the French au- thorities make everybody carry over the Saharn, because she wanted to he as light as possible. She remembered her husband's advice when she reached tho Atlas Mountains, and climbed to -1,000ft. She was over and nearing Qao and tho Niger Uiver before she had time to get scared. She described her feelings on seeing the oil pressure gauge going down. She said: "There was that sick- ening sensation that any miuuto it would drop to zero, and thero would be a sudden awful crash inside the engine as (ho bearings wont. I havo trust In God, and found an opeuitig in the jungle. After that, heaven only know xvhat might happen, but it xx'as ali right, and, all hough the height xvas dropping, 1 managed to push on, in spite of a ter- rille rainstorm and the blackness of night, and landod at Bonguela." OTHER FLYERS' ADMIRATION. Several xvorld flyers, including Sirs. George Putnam, xvho (iles under tho name of Miss Amelia Earhart, the only iv oman to hax-e down solo across tho Atlantic, and the notod French aviator, Captain Costes, aro among those who have expressed admiration for the real- ly remarkable flight by Mrs. Mollison. Captain Broad, the xvell knoxvn British, airman, describes the feat as the most magnificent that any airxvoman has achieved. Costes, the French airman, says: "It xvould be fine for a man, but it is still finer for a xvoman, although thero is no reason xvhy a xvoman xvhdm I place on equal footing should not emulate the male aviator." Mrs. Mollison used the Aeronautical Association maps previously supplied to her husband. Although she had only five hours ot sleep during the trip, she made up last night by sleeping for 1-iJ hours. I The De Haviliand Puss Moth behaved magnificently throughout the trip, and is in perfect condition. "Amy is the most marvellous daugh- ter in Ui6 xvorld," said Mrs. Johnson. "I cannot say how proud I am. I can scarcely understand how she ilexv in that little cabin without sleep, day and night, over desert and jungle. Her will poxver got her through." Speaking at a dinner of the Brook- lands Automobile Racing Club, Mollison said that it xvas nearly the happiest day of his life, ne knoxv that his xvife had the skill to bea,t the record, but did not think that she possessed sufficient en- durance. PRESS EULOGIES. Tlie nexvspapers aro tremendously im- pressed by the flight, and exhaust all their ilex-ices to display cables and pic- tures. "The "Daily Herald" says: "The flight was a greater task of endurance and flying skill than the crossing of the" Atlantic." . The "Daily Telegraph" says: "Fexv people believed that it xx-as possible that Mrs. Mollison xvould beat her husband's record. After this, let no one speak doubtlngly of xvomen's power of endur- ance. Fine-tlraxvn steel is unequalled for power of resistance. The .machine and the engine demand praise. Like the airxvoman, they are British." The "Morning Post" says: "Even if the time-tablo had not been cut, this flight of a xvoman alone is still a signal event xvorthy to rank high in the calen- dar of aeronautics." The "Nexvs-Chronicle" calls Mrs. Mol- lison the "Queen of the Air." "The Times" says: "By her success she has brilliantly justified her confi- dent faith in and staying poxvers of her- self and her machine. - But for the special difficulties presented by the Plis- sage of the Sahara, It seems possiblo that the relatively short route she chose might be preferred to the existing air mail route." MR. MOLLISON'S CHIVALRY. Mr. Mollison, after listening to hin wife's broadcast of her experiences on her flight, said that he xvould wait until lier record xvas broken before attacking it again. MRS. MOLLISON'S STORY Worries and Mishaps AU Speed on Last Lap LONDONt November 20. Mrs. Mollison, in a xvhole page story telephoned exclusively to the "Sunday Express," reveals that lier flight xvas full of xvorrios and mishaps. She gut the xvind up soon after leaving Lympne as she xx-as using her petrol too fast, hence her landing* at Barcelona, Luter she realised that hot* gravity tanks xvero leaking at the rate of txvo gallons hourly. She plugged the ventilóles xvlth newspapers and then recognised that all the trouble .xvas her own fault, as she had lier petrol feed too high. She says: "I am not such a hot engineer as I imagined. Despite my husband's xvarn ing I had the machino filled full at Oran and only just managed to clear tho trees ut the aerodrome. Then carno the fciahai-a Hie most dismal sight on earth. I xx-us relieved to make Gao and snatch a. little rebt. I xvas going merrily on the next stage when I looked at 'the gauge and f.aw that I had only Ave gallons of petrol when there should havo boen 42. I had to turn back, and bud a hard Joh In finding the aerodrome. Luckily I axx-oko the Commandant. I made a per- fect landing in the dnrkness and found that when I left Gao they had only half filled the tanks. I slept for a couple of hours till daxx-n. 1 waa worried and downhearted and hoped that my trouble» had then ended, but the weather noxv xx-as foul, and I realised that I must Hy at night time, though I had little experi- ence of doing so, in order to beat my husband's record. It xvas xvretched. The moon appeared only at midnight. The Commandant at Dunla disapproved of night flying, but I xx-as determined to push on. A thunderstorm arose, and I saxv nothing clearly. I had to trust to the instruments. I kept putting my face out lest I should fall asleep. The further I xvent the xvorse the storm became. Rain fell in sheets. I then carno to the xx-orst horror. I shone tho lamp on the oil gauge and found that it was drop- ping. It was the most axx-ful time of my lite. I had to come low down, and sloxvly, just topping the trees. Fight- ing hard, I found the coast, ' sighted Benguela, and landed sufely. A xvondor ful Portuguese mechanic repaired the oil feed, and thereafter, xvith the machine going xvell, I put on ali speed on the last lap only, but I enjoyed the flight all the way." 