 WORLD'S GREAT AIR RACE WON BY SCOTT LONDON TO MELBOURNE IN 71k HOURS Cliarleville gives Competing Aviators a Hearty Welcome Record Crowds in Town: All Festivities a Complete Success, The arrival in Charlevilie on Tuesday morning, and their subsequent arrival at Melbourne at 3.30 In the afternoon of the same day, gave C. W. A. Scott and his co-pilot, T. Campbell Black, victory in the great Centenary air race promoted at the instance of Sir Macpherson Robertson, who donated the first prize of £10,000 and a gold cup valued at £500. Second place in the speed contest was gained by K. D. Parmerrtier and J. J. Moll, flying the Royal Dutch mail entry, Douglas DC2, and third place by Colonel Roscoe Turner, of the United States of America. The fourth machine to arrive was piloted by K. Waller and Cathcart Jones, and reached Charleville yes terday morning- This 'plane is a De Haviland Comet, of the same type as that flown by Scott and Black. These were regarded as the mystery machines of the nice, and each cost about £5,000. They have a. spend of from 200 to 220 miles per lionr. and their power is derived from twin engines. each of 230 horse-power. The Holland machine occasioned much interest in Charleville, as in most places, and is one of the latest type of air passenger 'planes. It can accommodate 14 passengers, two pilots, a radio operator, and a stew ard. as well as a large quantity of mail. It is powered by twin-engines, cach developing 700 horse-power, and has a flying speed of 200 miles per hour. On this trip to Australia the machine carried, in addition to the pilots, a radio operator and three passengers. Sleeping and eating in luxury in the 'plane, no one would have suspected that the party were taking part in the greatest air race in history, and their feat in running into second place was a magnificent performance. It was a contrast to witness the arrival of Scott and Black. Scott, of coarse, is a Very bis fellow, and the lengthv confinement in the cramped cabin of his red Comet made him very stiff when he alighted at Charleville. Black, who is a shorter man of wiry figure, did not seem nearly so tired as Scott. But both showed unmis takable signs of the tremendous men tal and physical strain which they had endured in making another new world's record. CHARLEVILLE'S WELCOME. Charleville gave the airmen a great welcome. For days in advance motor cars and trains had been ponring hundreds of visitors into the town, and hotel accommodation was con siderably overtaxed. There was con siderable speculation as to the arrival of the first machine, but when ports arrived" that Scott liad reached Darwin, there was a feeling of gen eral rejoicing and relief, for Scott is held In as great a regard" here as almost any Australian. . Uarlv on Tuesday morning, just at the break of day, spectators began to flock to the aerodrome, and there they were carefully shepherded by a large force of police to the enclos ures set apart for their use. When Scott eventually arrived at 8.40 a.m., the enthusiasm of the crowd _ Was manifested in the loud and continued cheers for the two pilots, and. winch did not subside until both were well nnder cover in the official tent, whero they were checked in. The machine was taxied to the hangar, where work was immediately com menced on the engine which caused trouble over the last 1.000 miles or so. The fuel tanks TKjere also refilled. After a stay of 2% hours, which must have proved a most acceptable rest to the fliers, particularly as their nearest opponent was 32 hoxirs in the rear. Scott and Black took off at 11 a-m., and reached Melbourne in 11 hours. SCOTT ASTRAY. A rather humorous incident in connection with the arrival of "Scotty" - was Ii(s unexpected point of appearance. For a long hour and more spectators had- been straining their eyes to the north looking for him; and a number of field glasses were searching the heavens for the first sign of the red Comet. Sud denly someone shouted "Here he conies." and. presently he was observ ed shooting in from the east, parallel to the railway line. It was sur prising to think that Scott, who, as a former Qantas pilot, knew this por tion of the route so well, should have mistaken his direction, but the ex planation was a simple one. The slight drift eastwards, wliich brought the fivers across the railway line somo 20 miles to the east, was due to lack of sleep and the inability of the pilots to concentrate on their cixact point of landing. When the leaders reached Charle ville Campbell Black had a large blister on his right hand. This was most extraordinary for a pilot, hut it seems it was caused by the fact tliat the control'stick had to be held very hard, in consequence of one engine not functioning. For the same reason control of the rudder had to be sustained with the foot from the time the port engine failed when crossing the Timor Sea, and this. also, was a great physical strain on the pilots. To restore energy to the almost, lifeless engine, six mechanics worked with feverish haste after the landing at Charleville. It is interesting to note that when Scott, first came from TCngland to Australia I he journey, made by steamship, occupied seven weeks. On this last trip lie covered the dis tance in a trille under three, days! THE DUTCH PLANE. When the Comet had departed on the last, stage of its journey to Mel bourne. information was received that the big Dutch plane was expect ed iluring the late afternoon. Finally it reached fiere at 6.-15 p.m., in the gathering dusk. The huge crowd was at the 'drome again, everyone being eager to see this latest de velopment In aerial passerifeer ma chines. There was some delay when the huge machine soared overhead, for darkness was approaching so rapidly that, it was decided by Lieut. Poole thaL it would not lie safe for tlie great plane to land without some direction, and a warning Yer.-y li-rlif ir> die,-I tli-. aviator. was sent up. Then flares were hur ried across tho field, and 'when these were well alight the signal to descend was given. It is contended that the Charleviile landing ground, like all mulga country, is treacherous to Very heavy machines, which are like ly to strike a patch, where the sur face crust is thin, and should they break through this the machine would immediately stand on its nose, with disastrous results. Parmentier and Moll took exactly days to reach Charleville from Mildenhall. which is a truly great uerfonnance for a standard passeng er machine. A FALSE REPORT. Something lias been published in the nietropolitian press, and a good deal has been heard locally, alleging inhospitable treatment of' the Dutch fliers on arrival here. The state ment was made that when Parmen tier asked for some iced beer none was available, nor were there re freshments of any kind provided. . This statement is not in accordance with fact. An ample supply of food, hot coffee, and iced beer had been provided by the Shell Co.. and this was placed in the 'plane . by the Mayor, and although Parmentier was given a bottle of beer by someone when at the official tent, tho refresh' ments previously ordered in accord ance with Dutch instructions and wishes were there in readiness for them. The Douglas machine continued its (light to Melbourne a few minutes after eight o'clock, the take-off being made from tbe flood-lit runways. AMERICAN FLYERS. The arrival of the Americans. Koscoe Turner. Clyde Panghorn, and It. ifichol. about si* o'clock the next morning, was witnessed by a com paratively small crowd of people, most of whom had' bad very little sleep for a couple of nights. They were a. picturesque trio, and seemed to appreciate the welcome given them. They were givlen a good breakfast, and had the same hospi tality- provided as was afforded every other competitor in the race. , ANOTHER COMET. The n^xt 'plane to arrive was the green Comet, piloted by Ken Waller and Cathcart-Jones, and which landed shortly after i> o'clock on Thursday morning. They had reached Mt Isa at eiglit o'clock the previous evening, where they landed in the glare of the headlights of a number of cars that were rushed to the ground "when the 'plane was heard overhead. Their trip from Mt Tsa to Cliarle villc the next morning occupied 5 hours and 20 minutes. Jones tvas a picture of sartorial elegance in a pith helmet, loud check coat soiled sweater, baggy trousers, and sand shoes. Waller was hatless, and wore a. sweater and wide flannel trousers. lie is a very fall man, but slimly built, whilst liis companion is short. Cat hear t-Joncs said they were en joying the trip to Melbourne, and he wished it were possible to or ganise a race back to England. He remarked, in reply to a question, that he had a very high regard for their macbinc. but considered that further experimentation was neces sary to obtain tlio best results from the engine. He expressed a desira to take back to England- with, him a native bear, a desire which unfortun ately cannot be gratified, as it is legally enacted that these delightful little animals cannot be kept in cap tivity, nor permitted to leave the country. Waller, asked about the Comet, said iL was an easy machine to han dle in the air. but was tricky to take-off or land. "The air race has definitely been worth wliil'\" he said. "It has de monstrated the. quality or speed in commercial aeroplane* more than anything else could have done." "In this respect the Comet has provVd itseir to be superior. The great effort, was, of course, by Scott." The. Dutch air liner did a magnificent performance, but Sir. Waller said he did not think it could beat the Comet in SL straipht-out test of speed. The suggestion lie would make for any futuro air race was: "Let there be no restrictions or regulations:- let them carry enough petrol to carry them as far as I hey could possibly go." The Brisbane air race was men tioned to Mr. Waller, and he was ask ed whether lie would take pari. He was thoughtful before replying, and said he would have to consult Mr. Reuben 'his financial backer and on ner of Northampton Downs sta liiWi), tnnn.ij-'-l iviifc If'/I iti*"! 