 The Big Air Race Scott and Black Win . LONDON TO MELBOURNE IN 71 HOURS Mr. C. W. A. Scott and Captain Campbell Black won the Centenary air race on Tuesday, when one hour less than three days out of Mililen hall (England). They Hushed past fbs winning post at tbe Kleminteton racecourse at 3.31 o'clock on Tues day afternoon. Despite the fact tbat rain fell for some time before the arrival of the airmen, great crowds waited at the course, and, as I he airmen rushed over tbe line, scenes of thfl wildest enthusiasm prevailed. The crowd went mad with excitement, anil burnt into round after rouud of eheers. Responding to addresses of wel come by tlifi Lord Mayor of Mel bourne (Sir H. Gnngoult tiniitb) and thti donor tbe Oetitenary air race prize (Sir Macpberson Kobertson). beoit said tuat loe llifebt seemed like tivo centuries. iioth lie and Scutt ahowwl signs of tbe strain they bad undergone. Three days' growth of beard covered their faces. Throughout the whole flight neither bad mute than two hours' sleep. The victory wap a triumph for British aircraft makers and for British pilots, who were uuiied in one of tbe most thrilling inltr ualional events of all lime. Australia, too,.w»8 closely asBOciat pel with the victory, for Scott, as a Qanlas pilot for several years, learned tuncb of liis airmanship in Aus tralia. While, though himself an Englishman, bis wife is a Melbourne airl, and she way at Flemingtun to welcome him.. The greatest excitement prevailed at Flemingtnn where thousands con verged ut an early hour on Tuesday morning to see the end of the race, Ab tbe time approached for the arrival of tbe 'plane the crowd scanned the eky. Light rain chanced to a heavy downpour ai.d thousands werw caught without coats or um brellaB; but they took their drench ing in good part and still waited. Tbe tension was increased when it was announced thai the airmen were vvithiu a lew minutes of ft. ICUllllglUU. All at once a great burst of cheer ing uatne from (lie crowd as the winning De Havilland Cotnet ap peared — a 6peck in the distauce. The cheering continued as the 'plane soared over tbe course at u.1315 and a minute later flashed past the winning post. Contrary to expecta lions, Scott did not ai tempt to circle tbe course twice as be had previously arranged. Instead he disappeared in the direction of Laverton. Within a few minutes, however, be returned to tbe pleasure of the crowd and swooped low over the stand. Scott and Black could be seen leaning from the cabins of tbo 'plane. The 'plane again vanished into tbe dull grey clouds and returned a short while afterwards, once more to be greeted by the thousands delirious with excitement. Tbe moment that Scott crossed the winning line it was officially announced that he had won tbe greatest aviation eveut in history. A I'abli- mrasaiu1 from thr Kins at Kandriiighiiin. which was received liy Mv. C. \V. A. Scott, ami Olituiu Ciimpbcll Hlnck in Mclljournr. il« dared: 'The Uuivn ajxJ j warmly congratulate you both on your won derful feat. We aru very glad that we saw you al Mildeiihall before set ting out on' your great adventure ami trust that you are not unduly tired lifter the strain of the past rew days.' 