 HIGH FLYING IN AIR RACE Melbourne In 50 Hours ?- ?. -~~ ~~ ? ? . .-\ .'? ?? WILEY POST'S SCHEME (Courier-Mail Special Cables.) WASHINGTON. May 12. Tlie Australian Press Association has informed the National Aeronautic Association of the receipt of Press re ports from Melbourne to the effect that cne Australian committee of the cen tenary air race plans to take no fur ther action in the dispute regarding the eligibility of American machines. The reports stated that it would ba sufficient If speedy American com mercial category 'planes competed, but that the Australian committee did not wish to assume the moral re sponsibility in the event of a mishap occurring to speed 'planes, due to the existence of only makeshift ground facilities on the route. The association made the following reply: 'We are still hoping that any United States racing 'planes that can use the make shift ground facilities can enter the race. We are no more de sirous than the Australian ; committeo to . assume the responsibility for crashes. We would, incidentally, like to know if there is any possibility of the Darwin aerodrome being eiv larged. since apparently this will be thfi critical point in the speed race.' ATTACKING ALTITUDE RECORD. Wiley Post announced: 'If they get this argument over the requirements settled so that R licence ships are eligible to compete, I intend to equip the Winnie Mae with a supercharger and a controllable pitch propeller en abling it to reach 35,000ft., and make 300 miles an hour. I thus hope to complete the London to Melbourne flight in 50 hours or less.' In his famous Lockheed-Vegt. mono plane Winnie Mae, in which! he has made two world flights. Wiley Post is planning an attempt on the world's altitude record shortly. The Lockheed factory has- a stream-lined 'plane, and a special ; auxiliary- supercharger has _bTee» added to the- 450 horse-power Whitney Wasp engine, .making the Winnie Mae the most advanced 'plane in aviation to-day.. -At -40,000ft., which he will reach in 40. minutes,. Post esti mates that he will fly. at between 280 and 400 miles an hour. ?'..: ' Post said: 'Engineers disagree about the speed at altitudes, but I am con vinced that with the aid of the super charger the higher I get the faster I will fly. Long distance commercial flying of the future must be in the stratosphere, above bad weather, and this will be the tfirst serious attempt to practically predict the future. 1 have a hunch that I will shatter tho world's speed . record at - the same time.'. . . . Sealed instruments will be used, and to. withstand the enormous pressure Ppstihas designed a silk and rubber suit- to enclose his whole body. It will bee inflated by a supercharger at 1500ft. upwards. Rubber deicers on the wing edges,, such as' have been used on i American commercial 'planes for ?some time, will be employed to re move ice from the- wings. ? ' If Hie starts in the centenary air race Post will . use the same equip ment.' ? ,...'? :~ . .--,. .'?'??-. ?,-: PROBABLE ENTRANTS ? ' ' ''?? LESSENED.. ..' '._ Several British Firms Withdraw LONDON, May 12. ? It is now possible to estimate with some degree of accuracy the number of British machines which will com pete in the open section of the cen tenary air race, despite the fact that several pilots and manufacturers,' who are working with extreme secrecy,, have blandly denied rumours of their plans. While a - few 'such', 'dark; horses' will possibly nominate, there - certainly will not be many. Several firms which had hoped to provide machines have. , abandoned, the idea. Amongst those who had, reasonable prospects of .competing^ and have now been forced to aban don their ? hopes, are Misses Paulina Gbwer and Dorothy Spicer, who would have travelled together. The}1 told a representative of The Courlen Mail that all efforts to obtain a suit able machine had failed, and their old spartan could not possibly Uj 'tanked up' to give them sufficient range even to reach Australia. India is unlikely to enter, as tbe committee formed in London to raii:e a guarantee fund of £5500 has bean disbanded owing to lack, of support, in consequence of the great caljis which the Bihar earthquake made.' There is no possibility of the firm of Boulton and Paul competing, though .high hopes were entertained and several inquiries were recelv«sj from pilots desirous of using Ihelr machines. Major Stewart told a representative of The Courier-Ms.il that a mishap to the Air Minist^'s machine and official delay in ordering a second one ruled out all chance of the firm building a 'plane in 'ttane for the race. A number of other persons an nounced their intention of competing, but their prospects depend on d.b taining the backing of manufac turers, and unless some of them are unexpectedly lucky they need not be considered. In the open section the certainties are Mr. and Mrs. Mollison, aind. Messrs Rubin and Waller, with Pe Havilland Comets, Captain N. Stack (Air Speed Courier), and Capt. Edgar Percival or another (Percival Misw Gull). ??-, The possibles include, Doig alnd Blackmail (Mystery design all-;nejbU monoplane), Catchcart Jones, Mi'J' sina, and Ncison (who has not (yet arranged for Ms machine). | It is rumoured, though not o-m- firmed, that one cr possibly two Av!:os and one Blackburn machine of a new type, representing an improvement', en the C grade Meteor, will be entered. 'WANTS SPECIAL TREATMENT.' The secretary of the Royal A)sro Club (Mr. H. E. Perrin) told a rep resentative of The Courier-Mail tiiat the club deplored the newspaper im ports that America threatened to wflJi draw from the race. He said: 'ton the contrary, inquiries are still reaich ing me daily from American pilots, indicating their intention to compiste, Nevertheless, the Americans are a till making difficulties as regards /ex perimental machines, concerning v/hjich I know nothing, as my business Is simply to administer the rules of 'the race, which were never intended to discriminate against any natl'on. America, however, seems to wani; a most favoured nation clause. 'Sir Macpherson Robertson wanted speed with safety, and, the last thing in the world he desired was to have experimental 'planes crashing all over the British Empire. British manu facturers have experimental machines, but as they do not yet conform. ;to the International Convention and Air Navigation standards, they would, not dream of entering them. Amqrica should realise this and know that italk of discrimination is merely silly. We were not informed of their objecliioni until April 19. The Air Attachu at Washington is doing his utmoelj to smooth mEtters over, but the ijules of the race cannot be altered.'. .?.: /.' 