 YOUNGEST FLIER Melrose at Melbourne GREAT FINISH Ten Days 16 Hours for Flight from London MELBOURNE, Wednesday. 'liC youngest flier in the air race, Mr. C. J. .\Ielrose, landed at Laverton this mnorning. His time for the journey was 10 days 10 hours 23 minutes. So speedily did Mlelrose cover the 275 miles from Cootamundra that there was some surprise whln he arrived slortly after 9 o'clock. The first person to greet him was his mother, who had been waiting for hiin over an lieou. Melrose left Charleville at 1.25 a.m., intending to stop at Narromine, but owing to the dark lie missed that town, and wee obliged to land at Condoblin and later at Cootamundra, taking on petrol there and leaving 20 minutes later. Despite his two stops he covered the 7890 miles be tween Charleville and Melbourne in seven hours 43 minutes. After he hld embraced his mother, Mel. rose was warnly congratulated by mrs. Hf. Bonney, the Queensland flier, and then by Colonel Roscoe Turner, and Squadron. Leader D. E. Stodart. lie was carried shoulder high out of the hangar by the crowd, and given three cheers. At his express wish there were no speeches. MRS. HINKLER THERE. Mrs. Hinkler, mother of the late Mr. Bert Hiikler, came specially fromn Qucens land to welcome Meiheoe. She was pre sent alnong the crowd at Laverton aero drome to-day. When lie landed Melrose said to his mother: "It is only 9 o'clock. Suppose we go on to Adelaide." lis mother replied, "OlI, tlhere is going to be a civic recelption." To this Mel rose replied, "Y's, .that is just what I want to avoid." DANES AT CHARLEVILLE; Lieutenant MI. Hanoun and Mr. D. Jen sen, the Danish fliers, landed in their Desoutter monoplane at Charleville at noon to-day. They will probably be the last of the Centenary air race fliers to reach there this week. They were ex ceedingly glad to get there, for they have been off their course owing to the wretch ed nimps of the country they car ried. They took more than six hours to do the journey front Cloncurry. Lieutenant Hansen said that the two most exciting experiences of the trip were their difficulty is getting out of the mud at Alor Star, where they were delayed by wet weather, and lid to nmake 10 attempts before they were sucuessful in taking off, and the petering out of their petrol at M1olten station. outside Cloncunrry. Lieutenant Hlansen added that they would probably fly back over thie same course after spending about eight days in Melbourne. After resting only 40 minutes the fliers left for Melbourne. Lieutenant Hansen, who speaks English perfectly, visited Australia 12 years ago as a wireless operator on a Danish motor ship. Both fliers belong to the Danish Flying Corps. PROCESSION 'THROUGH CITY STREETS. Air race airmen took part in a triumphal procession through Melbourne's main streets to-day, and were given a tumultu ous reception. They were formally wel coined oil behalf of tile Government at a State luncheon at Government House. In the presence of the .Ministers they were obviously shy, and the majority made short speeches, thannking everybody for the happy time they were having. The jovial Colonel Roscoe Turner dominated proceedings, making the longest speech. NMr. .Melrose caused laughter when he said lie had not had time to think of any thing since his arrival, and suggested that tihe New Zealander McGregor lshould "have a shot." Thousands of people who were watching tile procession saw a red-lnired girl kiss the two Dutch airmen, Chevaliers Parmen tier and Moll, and then young Mr. C. J. Melrose. The girl broke through tile barriers and made a dive foru tile foot board of the car carrying Scott and Black. She weas prevented, however, but eluding the police she mounted the foot board of in car conveying the Dutchmen, and pursed her lips. WVithout hesitation Parimentier kissed her. and 3oll followed suit. Sihe was then pulled off the foot board, but managed to reach Melrose, whom she embraced and kissed. Both bIlushed, and when Melrose appeared to be emlbarrassed the girl rushed into the crowd. 