 SCOTT AND BLACK WIN MELBOURNE CENTENARY AIR RACE. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; COMPLETE EPIC FLIGHT FROM LONDON IN 71 HOURS. Accorded Magnificent Welcome by 50,000 People at Flemington Racecourse. DUTCHMEN HAVE FORCED LANDING : TURNER LEAVES DARWIN. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. FLASHING out of the sky like a fiery particle, with the roar of its engines merging into the tumult of the cheering that rose from 50,000 people, the scarlet D.H. Comet, piloted by C. W. A. Scott and T. Campbell Black flew over the finishing line of the Centenary Air Race at the Flemington racecourse this afternoon hours ahead of their nearest rival, the Douglas D62, piloted by the Dutchmen, Parmentier and Moll. They covered the journey from London in 2 days 23 hours 18 seconds. The enthusiasm of the people reached fever heat after 3 o'clock as flashes announced the pro- gress of the Comet across Victoria. The flight to Melbourne was completed on the consumption of 1,300 gallons of petrol, enough to take the average motorist round the world. After crossing the finishing line Scott's 'plane dashed on until it was lost to view by the huge crowd. There was marked disappointment, but a moment later the 'plane returned, flying very low over the grandstand. It then bore off in the direction of Laverton, where it landed at 3.45. The official announcement was made that, barring protests, the D.H. Comet had won the speed section of the race. DARWIN, Tuesday. Roscoe Turner in the Boeing Transport 'plane, reached Darwin at 4.17 p.m. to-day, and after refuelling left for Charleville. MELBOURNE, To-day. The Dutch K.L.M. Douglas machine, en route from Charleville to Melbourne, on the last stage of the race, lost its bearings between Beechworth and Albury at 11.50 last night. S.O.S. signals received at Laverton were interpreted as a request for direction. The machine landed at Albury at 1.17 a.m., on very wet ground, after a heavy thunderstorm. The &nbsp; flight is expected to be resumed at 6 a.m. AIRMEN RECEIVE GREAT WELCOME ON LANDING. PRACTICALLY everyone who had gained admittance to the hangar en- deavored to shake hands with Scott, and it was 10 minutes before he could leave his 'plane to go to the control room for light refreshments. Scott expressed the wish soon after his ar- rival at Laverton to get away to Flem- ington and to a hot bath and shave in the city as soon afterwards as pos- sible. Flying-Officer Henry, who is the checking-in officer for the race, turned to Scott, who still had a half-filled glass of lager in his hand, and said: "Right, let's start, then. But, first of all, who are you? Are you C. W. Scott?" Scott grinned and admitted he was, and with the air race and Lav- erton officials shouldered his way through the crowd in the hangar to where the Red Comet stood in a cor- ner. They proceeded to check over the instruments and unload the gear and special mail which Scott had brought out with him before scaling down the machine. Roaring Welcome. Scott and Black returned to Fleming- ton from Laverton 45 minutes after having crossed the finishing line and were received with a roaring welcome. Even Sir Macpherson Robertson's nor- mal urbanity deserted him, and he cheered and cheered again and then led the cheering once more from his position on the dais. The 'planes carrying Scott and Black circled the ground twice before land- ing. The aviators were then escorted through the bookmakers' ring on the flat to the straight, where they entered a car to the accompaniment of rounds of cheers. As their open car moved along in front of the stand, they perch- Scott (left) and &nbsp; Black. Winners &nbsp; of the Air Race. &nbsp; ed themselves on the hood, both smok- ing cigarettes. Their pleasure was obvious, their grinning faces, as they puffed cig- arettes, paying response to the tumultuous applause. They were escorted by mounted troopers and passed up and down in front of the stand before making their way along to the dais. Many Handshakes. The first person Scott met on leaving the car was a policeman, who shook him warmly by the hand. That began a bout of hand-shaking which it seem- ed the airmen would never complete. Women threw flowers as they passed. As the airmen reached the dais, to be welcomed by the Lord Mayor (Sir Har- old Gengoult Smith), the acting-Premier (Mr. Macfarlane) and Sir Macpherson Robertson the crowd began "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow" and continued until the beginning of the speeches quietened them temporarily. "Thrilled World." "These men have thrilled the world by their wonderful performance, and have earned the homage of Australia," said the Lord Mayor, who, as chairman of the Centenary Council, was the first to officially welcome the air race win- ners. The Chief Secretary (Mr. Macfar- lane), on behalf of the State and its people, was the next. The speeches were not necessary, but they put into words what thousands displayed with their cheers. There was applause as Sir Macpher- son Robertson, the man who made the great moment possible, stopped forward to speak. He clapped Scott and Black on the shoulder. "You have won for yourselves unassailable reputation for courage, skill, endurance, initiative, real manhood, virility and sportsman- ship," said Sir Macpherson. "Your native land and the whole world is indebted to you for demonstrat- ing the ability of aviation." Then Wing-Commander Cole spoke on behalf of the Air Race Committee. Airmen Respond. "A short while ago I was sitting in the cockpit of an aeroplane headed for a mythical place called Melbourne," said Scott in reply. "That seems cen- turies ago now. It also seems remark- able that I could have felt as I did two hours ago and now feel as I do. Every mile we flew to Melbourne seemed to recede two miles." When Campbell Black could be heard above the tumult, he said that he had never made a speech before, and in any case was too excited to make one now. Then he hurried as far into the background as he could get. FLYERS DON LIFEBELTS WHEN ENGINE FAILS. Just as Scott, remembering his pre- vious trips across the Timor Sea, was congratulating himself on having two &nbsp; engines beneath him and a relief pilot one engine failed and his chances look- ed so hopeless that he and Black don- ned their lifebelts and sat waiting for the crash. This was part of the thrilling story told by Scott just before he turned in to get the first unbroken sleep since London. "I've had only about two hours' sleep in three days," the airman said, "and I'm so tired that I'm seeing double. It was a struggle like hell all the way to get the old 'bus through. "Just Skimming Sea." "When our port motor cut out over the last 300 miles across the Timor Sea, we we're punching the ship grimly through blinding rain and inky black clouds, just skimming the sea to get whatever visibility there was. ' 'I thought it was all up with us. Our chances looked so hopeless. "We did not dream that our star board motor would hold under the ter- rible strain, but it behaved magnificent- ly, and not only held us, but we gained height and it actually took us to 3000 feet, where we stayed flying blind rather than risk a dive into the sea by descending to gain visibility. I will never forget that fight for our lives. Land on Horizon. "After what seemed an eternity of hoping, we saw what appeared to be land on the horizon. We scarcely dared hope it was, thinking it was only the reflection of cloud. However, it remained stationary, and to our in- tense relief, it turned out to be land and I recognised it as the north-west part of Bathurst Island. "We did not dare risk a hop across the bay, so, hugging the coastline until we reached the nar- rowest portion of the straits, we hopped across the water again and &nbsp; set a straight course to Darwin, looking up the aerodrome without &nbsp; any trouble. "Then came the most difficult part &nbsp; of the job — to get down safely with only one engine. These greyhound &nbsp; machines are very hard to land in any circumstances, but with only one en- &nbsp; gine they are fiends. We held our &nbsp; breath as we flattened out, but almost miraculously we touched and bounced a bit and then settled down to a safe run." &nbsp; Fatiguing Trip. &nbsp; The whole trip, Scott said, had been particularly fatiguing, but the day's run until the port engine cut out had not been unusually difficult. He said he set a direct course for Darwin on leaving Singapore at 6.40 a.m. They crossed 400 miles of water to Borneo, but hardly sighted land once because of rain and cloud until Cape Salaten was picked up. From there he set a course to Flores over 800 miles of water and against a slight headwind, then to Timor. "We left Darwin at 11.10 last night and were not at all happy in our take off," he said. "We could not get our old motor properly rectified at Darwin. "It soon cut out again, and the oil pressure started to drop. We were terribly worried about it, but limped along to Charleville. "We had barely sufficient petrol to get us there, since we could not lift a big load with one engine likely to go dead again. When it cut out again it was just a dead weight that we would have liked to have thrown away." "No Plans Yet." Scott said he and Black so far had made no plans for the future. "I never make plans until I've finished the job in hand. I don't know what will be done with the 'plane. It might go back to England or stay here. That is for our backer (Mr. Edwards) to decide. "I was particularly proud that the race was won in a British machine," said Scott. "I have never flown any but a British machine or driven any but a British car. "I have flown about 40 De Havil- land machines, and the 'Grosvenor &nbsp; House' is the fastest of them all. Its win proves the quality of British en- gineering." Hundreds of Messages. Hundreds of cable messages from all parts of the world, and telegrams from practically every part of Australia were received by Scott. During the evening he spoke to several friends in London, who called him on the radio phone. DUTCHMEN AND ROSCOE TURNER IN AUSTRALIA. DARWIN, Tuesday. — The giant Dutch Douglas machine arrived at Dar- win at 9 a.m. (Tasmanian time). Par- mentier stayed 34 minutes, just long enough to refuel and permit his pas- sengers and crew to stretch their legs. He then set off for Charleville, which he reached at 6.45 p.m. The 'plane circled the 'drome six times before landing. Red Verey lights warned it not to land. Flares were run out and a green light signalled "land." Moll strongly criticised the landing arrangements. "It is crazy," he said. "The flares are not out and then they are not on the runway. We were cruising round in circles wondering what to do." They left Charleville for Melbourne at 8.20 p.m. (Tasmanian time). Bad Conditions. MELBOURNE, To-day. — Parmentier. after getting to within 50 miles of Melbourne, struck what he described as the very worst possible conditions, with lightning, rain and hail. He found it impossible to get underneath the thunderstorm, and turned back to Albury, where he landed safely on the racecourse with petrol for an hour and a half's flying still in the tanks. The 'plane is bogged, and rain is still falling, but Parmentier, who will get a few hours' sleep first, hopes to leave at dawn for the aerodrome at Wangaratta, leaving passengers and luggage at Albury so that he may take off from the racecourse. He will pick up the passengers again at Wangaratta and fill up with petrol, and then leave on the last hop to Melbourne. The 'plane circled the Albury race course three times before landing in heavy rain, at 1.50 a.m. The machine, although bogged, was undamaged. The whole of the Albury electric light sup- ply had been used as an indicator of the position of the town. Turner Critical. DARWIN, Tuesday. — "If we could have carried our full load it would have been different," said Roscoe Tur- ner, who arrived here with Clyde Pang- born in the Boeing Transport at 4.17 p.m. to-day (4.37 Tasmanian time). The capacity fuel load of the 'plane is 1100 gallons, but for the race the limit is 850. Turner said it meant that instead of flying non-stop between compulsory points they had had to land at inter- mediate points for fuel. The first trouble of the flight was experienced between Koepang and Darwin, when the oil relief pressure valve of the star board engine failed. &nbsp; "The average speed of the racing has been 100 miles an hour, while actu- ally it is a 200-miles-an-hour job," said Turner. He left for Charleville at 6.11 p.m. 