 SCOTT— LONDON TO MELBOURNE IN 71 HOURS Pu t In 'Turner and Pangborn Coming Very Fast IN 71 hours S minutes, C. W. A. Scott and Capt,. Campbell-Black flew from Mildenhall to Melbourne, won the Melbourne Centenary Air Race, with its £10,000 prize, and established a flying record. They crossed the finishing line at Flemington at 3.34 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, yesterday, many hours ahead of their nearest rivals, and only 2 days 23 hours 18 minutes from England. THE DUTCH air-liner, which it was anticipated might trouble Scott and Black, was well behind them, and late last night appeared to be off its course in the final kip from Charleville to Melbourne. SUBSEQUENTLY the 'plane landed at Albury at 1.20 a.m. and will remain there for the night, the crew and passengers sleeping in the 'plane. Encount ering a storm, the machine was forced off its course. THE 'PLANE circled around Albury for about an hour after having followed the Murray River for about 80 miles, and sending out several S.O.S. calls. Only half an hour's supply of petrol remained in the tanks on landing. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Watched by over 100,000 eyes, C. W. A. Scott and Capt. T- Campbell-Black flashed over the finishing line at Flemington racecourse at 3.34 38 sees, this afternoon, and won the Centenary Air Race. They had flown their British-made Comet machine from Mildenhall to Melbourne in the flying time of 2 days 23 hours 18 minutes and outdistanced their rival competitors. As Scott neared the finishing line, he brought the Comet down to within 200 feet of the cheering thousands, banked and then rose again towards Essendon Aerodrome. He turned and flew over the racecourse just as drizz ling rain commenced to fall. The Comet was then headed for Laverton, 20 miles away, where it landed a few minutes later. Another great crowd assembled at this aerodrome and the aviators had to use a back door to leave" the hangar. They entered Gipsy Mobil 'planes, which were flown back to the racecourse, landing near the judge's box. The weary dud excitcd aviators left the 'planes and were driven round the course in motor cars, standing and acknowledging the plaudits of 50,000 people present. Great Reception While they were absent from the racecourse they had been declared winners of the race, and when they returned they were officially welcomed as the crowd lustily sang, "For They Are Jolly Good Fellows." ■The donor of the prize and the Gold' Cup, Sir MacPherson Robertson, who had waited on the official dais with the Lord Mayor of Melbourne and air race officials, told the aviators that their epic called forth all the physical and mental attributes with which man could be blessed. They had won for themselves an unassailable reputation for courage, skill, endurance, initiative, ieal man hood. virility and sportsmanship. For the designer and constructor of the aircraft they won fame and estab lished themselves as aeronautical scientists of the very highest order. Their triumph was more than a personal one, it was the triumph of man over space and time, concluded the speaker. The judge of tne race, Wing-Com mander Cole, de.scribed the flight as an epic notable for the grim courage and determination of both aviators. Apart from local competitors, no win could be more popular. with Austra lians. Scott had been closely identi fied with the development of Austra lian aviation, and it was appropriate that he should be one to dispel once and for all, the bugbear of Australia's geographical isolation. Standing Room Only When it became known early to-day that Scott intended to attempt to reach Melbourne, even if lie had to fly with only one engine operating, crowds streamed to the racecourse. Some brought portable wireless sets, with which to picK up news of the progress of the fliers in the race and there was much gaiety in the air. with • impromptu dancing and com munity singing. Soon, however, here was little room left for dancing, and at 11 a.m. the course was packed. Scott said : "For the last half of the trip our anxieties were at their worst. After all. Black and I had flown from halfway across the Timor Sea with one motor 'conked out,' and although it showed what a good machine we had, when a single motor supported us so nobly all through to day and much of yesterday, our fear was that something might have gone wrong with the remaining motor at almost the last moment. They say that the first five years are the worst, but in flying from England to Australia it looks as if the iac/c minutes are as bad as anything. "We were so near—within a mile or two of the finishing1 line—and yet so far if our >ast motor cracked up. Black and I looked at each other pretty expressively when we swooped over the finishing line. "After that I don't think that we, cared much if she cracked up. Those crowds might have been expected to j play on our nervous systems a bit but j after all, there have been so many crowds that there is room in our minds for one feeing—the race was won. "The second half of our trip, apart from our anxiety over the motor was pretty good. We had a bit of trouble at Charleville, when the Comet back fired on our first attempt to take off, otherwk^ nothing happened " Scott said that both he and Black were tired and could do with a few hours sleep. They were troubled with hoarseness, for they had been shout ing at each other for almost three days. Excitement at Charleville A message from Charleville states that the strain which the race was imposing upon i,he fliers was evident when Scott and Black reached there at 8.43 this morning. Both were in an exhausted condition and a highly nervous state. They had had to fly almost the total distance from Darwin to Charleville with one engine out of commission and their speed reduced, but they were determined to win against the bad luck which threatened to ruin their chances. On landing, >iie mechanics immedi ately commenced work on the engine, while Scott and Black who could hardly walk after their long sitting in the machine were escorted to the control tent. There Scott asked for a glass of beer. In a speech for about two minutes over the air, Scott referred to the engine misfortune and said they had had only two hours sleep since the start, but they were determined to get to Melbourne, even if they had to stagger the remainder of the journey with one engine. Scott asked where the Dutchmen were, and when told was jubilant at having held his *?ad. He then asked for more beer, xplainmg that he was almost hoarse and deaf. Later, when he was told that the Dutch fliers had reached Darwin, Scott was all anxiety to get into the air again, fearing that if engine trouble started again " the Dutch ROSCOE TURNER 'plane, with its superior speed, might catch them as, according to informa tion received, it was travelling about 250 miles, per hour. Shortly before 11 the engine was working again, and amidst the cheers of the excited on lookers the machine rose and quickly disappeared. Leaving Singapore at 5.37 p.m. (Syd ney time) yesterday the giant Douglas 'plane, piloted by Parmentier and Moll, landed at Batavia at five o'clock this morning and 50 minutes later de parted for Darwin, where it arrived at 8.57 a.m. The airmen were welcomed by a big crowd and the reception accorded them was no less enthusiastic than that pre viously given to Scott and Black, Fuel supplies were replenished and 35 minutes later the Douglas took off again. Although the 'plane had made land ings at 14 centres, its actual flying time between Mildenhall and Darwin was 54i hours—phenomenal time consider-i ing the many stops made. "Where is Scotty ?" "Where is Scotty?" was the first question asked by Parmentier as he stepped out of the Douglas. When informed that his rival had reached Charleville, he sportingly said that he was more than glad that Scott was doing so well and said that they were concerned when they heard that he had struck engine trouble over the Timor Sea. The airliner took off exactly 10 hours behind Scott. In addition to its crew of four and its three passengers, the liner vas carrying 500 lbs. in weight and 25,000 letters. Jones met with trouble and was held up at Batavia with engine trouble. He said that his engine trouble was similar to Mollisons'. One of the two engines that so far had functioned well had now overheated just as the other did formerly. Re pairs will take several hours. Jones declared that he would take off at midnight (local time) for Batavia in order to reach Koepang at dawn. Jones and Waller flew from Alla habad to Singapore in 111 hours, beating Scott's record and averaging 220 miles an hour. Jones said that the Comets are very speedy machines, but they were "the very devil to take, off." •Parmentier arrived at Cloncurry at 2.35 p.m. and departed at 3.45 p.m. for Charleville, where he arrived at 6.45 p.m. Parmentier passed over the dry Lake Bourke at 9.25 travelling in a south-easterly direction, and passed over Humedale at 10 p.m. Turner and Pangborn arrived at Darwin at 4.50 p.m. and left again at 6.40 p.m. Dutchmen Went Astray It appeared that the Dutch liner got off its course somewhat over the final stage of the journey. Hermidale reported that a 'plane was heard fly i ing over there in a south-easterly direction and there were further re ports that the drone of an engine had been heard over Tullamore, dying away rapidly. Flares have been lighted regularly and the Cootamundra 'drome was lit. At 11 p.m. a 'plane passed over Tulli geal, near Condobolin, flying south, and this indicated that the air-liner had returned to her proper course. 