 [?] First Centenary Race Plane in Australia [?] WIT I ^ TOT If A¥ 1 [?] After a sensational record-breaking dash from London, Mr. C. W. A. Scott reached Darwin at 7.8 p.m. (Perth time) today, being the first Centenary Air Race entrant to arrive in Australia. Last September Mr. Ulm and his companions smashed all records by doing the flight in 6 days, 17 hours 45 minutes, but Mr. Scott lowered this record by over three days — a really staggering performance. Field Strung Out The number of competitors in the Centenary Air Race has been reduced to 15, with the regrettable mishap to the Panderjaeger, at Allahabad, which, as repairs will take several days, is definitely excluded from the race. The retractable undercarriage failed to open properly and conse quently the machine landed flat. Geysendorfer explained that he realised something was wrong when he tried to land on one wheel which, because of the darkness and speed, he found impossible. The field is now stringing out across Europe and Asia. Mr. Scott, with a five hours lead upon Mr. Parmentier, has achieved the perilous sea transit to Singapore, while the rear guard brought up by Mr. tfrooKs is detained in Marseilles with engine trouble. Mr. Hay Parer is held up with a misfiring engine at Le Bourget (Paris). Dutchman's Chance Parmentier and Moll reached Rangoon at 4.45 a.m., three hours before Scott reached Singapore, and they were to hop off for Singapore after a short halt. In the big Dutch Douglas mail plane, Parmentier and Moll lost two minutes in taking off from Allahabad. After taxing a few yards, the pilot found that one of his three passengers was missing. The machine was stopped for the passenger, who had run franti cally across the aerodrome to be picked up. Parmentier and Moll insist that they are simply demonstrating that it is pos sible to travel from England to Aus tralia in six days, and that the flight is purely experimental and has nothing to do with the prize money. Parmentier says that he is finding the trip tiresome. Parmentier said : 'It was the smooth est journey in my experience over thr .route. There were no incidents. We flew normally at a height of 12.000ft. 1 hope to catch Mr. Scott.' They are nursing their engines, but will go full-out after Singapore. Both the crew and three passengers, including the Geiman woman flier, Miss Thea Rasche, appeared astonishingly fresh because of the comforatble quar ters and seating accommodation pro vided. It is officially stated that they are not out to win the race, but to show the. effi ciency of Dutch aircraft. Nevertheless they hope to win. The Dutchmen's next stop was at Calcutta. Parmentier, prior to leaving for Ran goon from Calcutta, stepped jauntily from his aeroplane and demanded a cigarette, declaring that his sole craving had been for a smoke, which was for bidden aboard. He intends to land at every important aerodrome en route to Singapore, hoping that, despite the longer coastal route and extra strain on the engines, to overtake Mr. Scott. The passengers are delighted with the comfort and speed of their progress. Miss Rasche expressed enthusiastic admiration of the crew and machine. She looked as fresh as if she had stepped out of a band-box. Panderjaeger Crash Parmentier is full of confidence- He did not witness the accident to Gey sendorfer in the Panderjaeger as he de parted 20 minutes before the occur rence. The Panderjaeger was seen to be circling the Allahabad aerodrome at a great height. Green rockets were fired from the ground for guid ance^ but the airmen seemed un They came down at a corner of the aerodrome on rough ground, the Mah rajah of Jodhpur shouting out to the others 'He has crashed.' An ambu lance was rushed up Out the airmen were not hurt. Geysendorfer declared : 'I realised that something was wrong when I at tempted to lower the undercarriage, which we then saw had only partially opened on one side and not at all on the other. I tried to land on one wheel but the task due to the darkness and the high speed was practically impos sible. Hitherto the journey was per fect and consequently we are bitterly disappointed. I consider that there is no hope that we can continue, but I am not scratching officially till tomor row. However, you may consider us out of the race.' Col. Roscoe Turner, who had been signalling for an hour that he was lost, reached Allahabad in his giant Boeing at o.56 a.m. Col. Turner and Mr. Paugboru were dazed and deafened when they emerged from their cabin, but they announced that they were proceeding as soon as possible Col. Turner when interviewed said : 'We had a close shave tonight. We Mr. C. W. A. Scott (left) and Mr. T. Campbell Black, co-pilots of the leading plane. Mr. C. W. Scott is leading the field in a plane of this type— the de Havilland Comet. The Mollisons, who were delayed at Karachi, and Messrs. Waller and Cathcart Jones, who had trouble at Baghdad, are also flying D.H. Comets. ' The Flying Mollisons and their parents. To the right of Mr. Mollison is his mother, and Mr. and Mrs. Johnson are on the left of their daughter. The photo, was taken after the crash on their first ? attempt to fly the Atlantic to America last year. The K.L.M. Douglas, in which K. D. Parmentier and J. J. Moll are following hard on the tail of Mr. C. W. Scott's D.H. Comet. This plane is heavily loaded with mails and passengers. completely missed Allahabad aud the strong wind drift carried' us 200 miles to the southward beyond the aerodrome. We spent three hours dodging about and got really worried. We thought of landing- in rho nearest river-bed, but picked up a beacon light at the aero drome and just scraped in and landed cross-wind at right angles to the flood lights.' The fliers were obviously shaken by their adventure, but soon pulled them selves together and said they were de termined to proceed. They^Jeft for Singa pore via Rangoon. 14 hours later. Mr.' Pangborn told Mr. Tymms, Direc tor of. Civil Aviation: 'I thought AUaha. had the nicest airport I have ever struck, as, when 1 at last sighted the beacon, I thought we were done far, but the petrol gauge ' evidently lied. ' We possessed more petrol than we thought. ' We kept fairly high all the way, 'and, spotting apparently hills to .the .southwards, veered northward,- striking a mighty river, which we followed until we realised we must have over-reached Allahabad, so we turned back, fearing we had not enough petrol, and certain we were following up the Ganges. We had1 a' bad two hours, but we kept our spirits' up by joking about' whether wh would be killed crashing or be eaten by tigers.!' Waller at Karachi When Messrs. Joues and Waller reached Karachi they suspected a de fective oil pressure, but when the tanks Avere 'drained they were' found to be in perfect condition. The.' pilots hurriedly prepared to go on, but a thick fog forced them to postpone their departure. Air Race (Continued from Page 1) Going Oil Col. Roscoe Turner, who had been signalling for an hour that he was lost, reached Allahabad in his giant Boeing at 3.56 a.m. Col. Turner and Mr. Pangborn were dazed and deafened when they emerged from their cabin, but they announced that they were proceeding as soon as possible. Col. Turner when interviewed said : 'We had a close shave tonight. We completely missed x\llahabad and the strong wind drift carried us 200 miles to tne soutnwara Deyond tne aerodrome. We spent three hours dodging about and got really worried. We thought of landing in the nearest river-bed, but picked up a beacon light at the aero drome and just scraped in and landed cross-wind at right angles to the flood lights.' The fliers were obviously shaken by their adventure, but soon pulled them selves together and said they were de termined to proceed. They left for Singa pore via Rangoon 1} hours later. Thought It Was End Mr. Pangborn told Mr. Tymms, Direc tor of Civil Aviation : 'I thought Allaha_ had the nicest airport I have ever struck, as, when I at last sighted the beacon, I thought we were done for, but the petrol gauge evidently lied. We possessed more petrol than we thought. We kept fairly high all the way, and, spotting apparently hills to the southwards, veered northward, striking a mighty river, which we followed until we realised we must have over-reached Allahabad, so we turned back, fearing we had not enough petrol, and certain we were following up the Ganges. We had a bad two hours, but we kept our spirits up by joking about whether we would be killed crashing or be eaten by tigers.' Waller at Karachi When Messrs. Jones and Waller reached Karachi they suspected a de fective oil pressure, but when the tanks were drained they were found to be in perfect condition. The pilots hurriedly prepared to go on, but a thick fog forced them to postpone their departure. 