 Centenary Air Race. Capto C. W. A. Scott Wins Speed Section. Remarkable Feat of Aviation. London to Melbourne in 711/2 Hou. s! Parmentier and Moll Second, Turner iaird. Tragic Death of New Zealandert Naturally, much interest was at- , taclied to I lie great international Centenary Air Race during the 1 past week-end and succeeding days and any information available per wireless, or any other means, was eagerly looked for. Twenty com petitors left Mildenhali aerodrome, London, laBt Saturday morning at 6.30, the Mollisous being the first to take-off. The competitors were MV. and Mrs. J. A. MoUison, Tur ner and Pangborn, Waller and Jones, Astea and Geysendorfer, 1 Captain Stack and Turner, Scott I and Black, Parmentier and Moll, Miss Cochrane and Smith, Wright i and Folando, o. G. Davies, H. D. I Oilman, Woods and Miller, Hewett | and Kay, Parer and Hemworth, j Liet. Hansen, H. L. Brook, Mac- j gregor and Walker, G. Shaw, D, B. and K. G. Stoddart, C. J. Mel rose. The competitors were despatched at intervals of 45 seconds, Stack j being the last to leave. Bad ?weather iand a heavy fog played i havoc with the bearings of the pilots, and several compulsory landings and some withdrawals from the race were soon reported. Scott arrived at Darwin at 8.38 p.m. on Monday, having flown the last 300 miles on one engine, the port engine having lost its com pression. Scott's flight from Eng land to Darwin occupied 63 hours, and he was approximately eight j hours ahead of his nearest rival-,! Parmentier and Moll.- The trouble some engine was fixed up, and 1.16 j a.m. Scott took off tor Charleville, ; where he arrived at 8.45 a.m. on Tuesday. Naturally, the aviators had a wonderful reception and wel come from thousands of people at Charleville. Scott and Black were then seven hours ahead of the Becond 'pfene piloted by the Dutch men, Parmentier and Moll. The Molllsons, who had been running well, struck trouble at Karachi, having been blown out of their course, striking engine trouble.. and having their undercarriage damaged. Mollison said they had "rotten luck." Their time to Karachi was 22hrs. I2mln. against the previous record of 52hrs. After about an hour and a-lialf's stay in Charleville Scott look off on the final stage for Melbourne, arriving fll Flemington racecourse shortly after 3.30. p.m Tuesday afternoon, to win the speed section of the Centenary Air Race-the greatest inter national race in history. Scott's official time for the journey was 71U hours, and his 'plane con sumed 1300 gallons of petrol on the flight. Thousands of people .welcomed Scott and Black in Mel bourne, and they had a tumultuous reception. The crowd's warm ac knowledgment Of the victors' ac hievements was naturally tinged with sadness at the knowledge of the tragic deaths of Oilman a"d Baines, the New Zealanders, wh&lt;> crashed in Italy and were inciner ated. Immediately after the result of the race was known the*Go\jfernor General despatched a message of congratulation to Scoit and Blank. Parmentier arrhed ;it S. "0 a.m. ai, Darwin on Tuesday ami left UG minutes Inter, exactly (on Ir'iirs behind Scott. The 11 ~ i ?: time of the Dutchmen lo Darwin \va? only an horn- more than Scott's, and considering the number &lt;if slops made and the number aboard the 'plane tftn performance v;ts extraordinary. Tic. fintoh 'plane arrived at Chnr1evlile at fi.r,7 p.m. Tuesday, leaving an hour later for Melbourne. Having apparently be come lost, over the Albury rtisirM. | while en route to Melbourne, the Dutchmen were forced 10 laud at ! Albury racecourse, but tliey even ! tually arrived second in Melbourne, | followed by Turner and Pagborn, the latter two being close on the heels the Dutchmen. The "Tele graph" says: "Among those who were in Melbourne to welcome "Scotty" were Mrs. H.lnklev (mother of tlie late Bert. Kinkier) and Mrs. Bonney. When Scoit. flashed past the finishing line he had a goodly margin of miles and hours between him and his next competitor, the Dutchmen, Parnientier and Moll, who were gliding across Central Australian plains as the winner flashed past the- line. It is fitting indeed that the finish of this great est race in history should be located on this beautiful course, the scene of some of the greatest races In Australia's turf history. "Scotty" made a characteristic finish to the greatest flight of his adventurous career. Approaching Fleming ton at a speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. he roared up his engines and swooped down on the flat in a long, low dive to cross the line and rise gracefully across the haclt of the course. lie continued on to Laver ton, where hi* plane was housed." Thus 'ended one of the greatest epoch-making incidents of the times, and Scott and Black have received congratulations . from all over the world, for interest in the race was universal. With regard to tlie deaths of Ply ing Officer H. D. Gilman and Flight-Lieut. J. K. C. Baines, it appears they crasher! between Rome and Athens and were incinerated with their Fnirey Fox machine. The crash occurred in the perilous mountain region of Palazzo di San, Gervasio, 90 miles from Poggia, the machine igniting on coming in contact with the ground. The tragic happening marred the triumphant success of the race. Much local interest was taken in the race and several Barcaldine re sidents journeyed to Charleville to t witness the landings of the 'planes. 