 [?] [?] . IS USING AMERICAN ' PLANE LONDON, October 24. Colonel J. C. Fitzmaurice, whose dramatic with drawal from the Centenary Air Race at the eleventh hour caused a sensation, intends to leave Lympne at 3 a.m. on Friday and try to reach Melbourne in 57 hours, or 14 hours less than the time taken by the winner of the race, Mr. C. W. A. Scott. COLONIAL FITZMAURICF, y.\**} i'ATKsT AIOIJKL ot (lie ttell.i m a plane .quipped nidi .1 Pratt ami Whitney Wasp engine. Colonel Fitzmaiirice will use a similar type in his attempt on Scott's record. JTUE famous Irish airman will use the fast American special .Bellanea )laue, the Irish Swoop, which was en ured iu the air race by the Irish Hos pitals Trust. He will be accompanied -y ^Flight-Sergeant E. W. Bonar. The plane is the latest product of the A'fH-known Bellanea factories in America, and is fitted with a 700--horse power Pratt and Whitney Wasp Junior i-- -.?,i-fMHi!MHu;uni Hnii.in::i-.-i]!iinni-iniiiimiJli;MliiMIUllJJIUII[IMIIII|lill engine. It i.s said to have a cruising speed of 250 miles an hour. The plane was withdrawn from I he race because of restrictions im posed by Jhe nice committee in I-ondoii, which reduced its range from 3300 miles to about 700 miles. Aviators' Plans Oil. FitzniiiuritT plans to make stops »;_ uiic hour each at Baghdad, Allahabad, Singapore, and Darwin — the air race speed route — but at Cbarleville he will nerely come down and touch his v heels on the ground. The pilots will change the plugs in iii'ir engine at Allahabad. They expect to make two moonlight landings. His stopping places and mileages will be :-— London to Baghdad.. .. 2553 miles Baghdad to Allahabad . 2300 miles Allahabad to Singapore . 2210 miles Singapore to Darwin . . 2084 miles, Darwin to Charleville. . 13S9 miles Charleville to Melbourne 787jailes; . One of the reasons whv .'the;=i l'rush .Sweepstake?. organisers took such W-W£i\' interest in tbt» air race is that they had already planned a scheme for an inter national air race to be promoted bv the Hospitals' Trust, in which. a £10,000 prize was to be offered. When they found their scheme was likely to dash with the Mel bourne idea, they withdrew as sportsmen, in favor of. the Austra lian proposition. Although it was announced that Colonel J. Fitzmaurice, in his Bellanea plane Irish Swoon, had successfully car ried out a landing test with a load of SoyOlb. at Portsmouth and American officials present had granted a certificate of airworthiness, it was later announced hy the London representatives of the authorities concerned that an incorrect report had been issued. This was due to an optimistic message when the machine landed at Portsmouth from Croydon. The official test has not yet been ; undertaken because of J tin? absence of a weighing instrument, which Col. Fitzmaurice hopes to secure this' afternoon. Fitsmaurice's Career Col. Fitzmaurice is the officer iu charge of the Irish Free State air force. He leapt into fame in 192S when, as' co- pilot with Capt. Hermann Koehl, he made the first flight across the Atlantic from east to west. The plane crashed on Greenly Island, off the coast of Lab rador, and they were rescued by Mr Bernt Balchen and the late Mr. Floyd Bennett. Baron von Huenefeld was' a passenger on the flight over the Atlantic. He is being financed by the Irish Hospitals' Trust, the entry in the air race being iu the name of Mr. Joseph McGrath, managing director of the trust. Lol. Fitzmaurice saw service in the air force during the Great War, and has to his credit the unique record of being one of the only crew that ever set out from Ireland to fly to America and, after a 400-mile journey through fog, realising the impossibility of successfully complet ing the flight, had the pluck and skill to find their way back again. This was be fore his successful Atlantic flight. For the latter flight he was awarded the American Distinguished Flying Cross. 