 SO Hours to Melbourne FITZMAURICE'S • SCHEDULE "Many Troubles but not Dismayed" "Tough Break Early Means Good Break Later " COhOXICfj FIT'/, MA VltlC 11 SEVERE TEST FOR INSTRUMENTS London,' Tuesday. • "JJESPITE my many troubles i am not dismayed, but I am confident, because a tough break early means; a good break later," said Colonel J. C. Fitzmaurice, who will fly the Irish Hospital Trust Bellanca monoplane in the Cen tenary a'r race, when ho landed at the Southampton air port to-day. "Bonar and myself are confident that in the Bellanca the makers, have produced one of the fastest machines for the races," said Fitzmaurice. "It will have a cruising speed of well over 200 miles an hour, possibly over 230 miles an hour, and a range of 3000 miles. Thus the Comet is not the only machine cap able of that. In addition to conforming to the race requirements our schedule to Melbourne provides for 50 hours. The unloading of the 'plane at Bremerhaven was held up owing to landing and transport difficulties. The 'plane was brought to Europe by boat from America, and had to be unloaded at Bremerhaven (Germany). riOL. FITZMAURICE said tlmt ulti-1 ^ matoty the 'piano was transpor ted across fields to an aorodromo. Its first flight to England had to bo dis continued owing to foul weather, but finally it left Brcmcrhaven this morn- j Ing, and landed during a hailstorm at Amsterdam, becauso of a split in the I cowling, and of tho danger of Its tear-1 ing away and damaging tho fuselage. The 'piano cruised slowly at 150 • miles ah hour to England, after repairs i had been effected, as sleet storms cn-J dangored tho cowling. Sparo cowling! would arrivo from America to-night. '■'Weather conditions from Brpmerhaven severely tested .the instruments, of which I am proud. Thty are perfectly effi cient, and the directional radio is marvellous. The instrument tuned in on a musical programme from London to cheer us during the bad weather." Melrose Will Use His . Puss Moth C. J. MELROSE, of Adelaide, i will fly his original Puss Moth, becauao a Leopard is not available. Tho .machine is at present being streamlined, onabling it to go prob ably, eight miles faster an hour. Mis uncle, Mr. Noel Billing, is installing blind flying and other instruments, also a parachute. Melrose goes to bed early at night. He has refused many invita tions so that ho could get complete rest. It is understood that Bennett will act as co-pllot for J. Woods; who will fly a Lockheed Vega. J. D. Hewett and C. E. Kay, of New Zealand, have taken de livery of their Dragon 'plane, which cruises at 145 miles an hour, and has a range' of 1800 miles. . • Mildenhall "On the Map." Tlio public will bo admitted into the enclosures' at Mildenhall to Inspect tlio aorbpiiines. It is stated that cvoty available bed in the district has boon boohed and that prices hnve soured to as high as H guineas week for a doublo room. 