 Vlt 's Great to be Alive and Here,' says Scott to Crowd REACHES MELBOURNE; WINS CENTENARY AIR RACE Amazing Achievement for British Pluck And Determination FLIES FROM LONDON IN 71 HOURS , (From "The News" Special. Representatives) MELBOURNE, Today. In drizzling rain 50,000 people at Flemington Racecourse (Melbourne) saw Capt. C. W. A. Scott and Capt. T. Campbell Black in their red Comet plane flash out of the northern sky a nd speed across the white fininshing line at 3.4.48 o'clock (Adelaide time)--winners of the greatest air race in history. They were wildly acclaimed, and at Laverton Aerodrome were ,accorded an ovation. The corrected official time showed that they had taken 71 hr. 18 sec. or 2 days 23 hr. 18 sec. to fly from the Mildenhall Aerodrome ,(London)- to Mellbourne, a distance of 11,323 mil es. It was an amazing achievement in the face of great odds. Over the last stages of the journey the winners had a terrifying experience when one of the-. engines cut out over the Timor Sea. S Even on the last stage to Melbourn e there was still the: fear that the motor would fail. They literally hobbled along on one engine. Both airmen were almost exhausted. There was never any possibility, apart from an accident, that the Dutchmen, Parmentier and Moll, who. are running second, could overtake them. The latter in their Douglas air liner landed at Darwin at 8.30 Sa.m. refuelled, and left for Charleville at 9.6 a.m. exactly 10-hours-behind Scott. They arrived at Cloncurry at 2.15 p.m., and-left at 3.15. SScott and Black's flight, for a prize of £10,000 and a trophy given by Sir Macpherson Robertson, is the most amazing triumph for men. and plane in the history of aviation. The long flight from Mildenhall Aerodrome had been singularly free from. serious accident until yesterday, when the New Zealander H. D. Gilman, and James Baines, an Englishman, in a British Fairey Fox plane, crashed in Italy and were killed. "Pilots' Wonderful Ovation Trom Crowd "Well, we've won the race, but it is great to be alive and here," said Scott as he emerged from the plane at Laver ton. "It was a terribly anxious time over the last few laps, and we are very lucky. When we sighted the crowd at Flemington we were so tre mendously relieved that we could not say a word to each other." The winning pair looked terribly worn and tired after their sleepless days and nights, but Scott made light of the gruelling and worrying battle they have had with engine trouble since they arrived in Australia. "It is a great machine," he said, "and our one motor stood to us." Black, too, could hardly speak, no? only from exhaustion, but because they have had to shout to each other continuously since the race began. Black said. "It was a perfectly rot ten trip, and the were plenty of head aches." Looking at Scott affectionately; he said, "There are plenty of night mare stages about that flight that we want to forget as soon as we can." The enthusisasm of the vast concourse at -Flemington had reached fever heat from 2.30 p.m. onward when flashes broadcast to them on receipt from various country towns announced the " flight of the Comet across Victoria. Then flashing like a fiery par ticle out of the sky, with the roar of its engines merging into a tu mult of cheering that rose from the thousands of throats, the scarlet plane swooped over the :finishing line of this most spectacular race. After crossing the .finishing line Scott's plane dashed on until lost to view from the crowd. There was a murmur of disappointment, but a moment later the plane roared back into view, flying low over the grand Stand. It :then bore off in the direc tion of Laverton, where it landed at' 3.15. The official announcement was made ~that, barring protests, the D.H. Comet had won the speed section of the Srace. The flight to Melbourne was com pleted on the consumption of 1,300 gal lons of petrol-enough to take the average motorist round the world. When news of Scott's approach was brought to the Laverton Aerodrome, Mr. A. O. Edwards, nominator of the Comet plane, spent many anxious moments af the side of a wireless, wait Sing for news of the plane's arrival. When the first news was flashed over the air, Mr. Edwards was besieged by many friends. The first to congratu 3ate him was Miss Jean Batten, the .New Zealand airwoman, who only a few months ago completed her England to Australia flight. About a quarter of an hour after Scott's reported arrival at Flemington a tiny speck was noticed in the sky, east of Laverton. Within two minutes he had brought the Comet down and CAPT. C. W. A. SCOTT landed well, taxi-ing over half of the aerodrome. He pulled up just inside the door of the main hangar, but before the machine could be properly brought to a standstill, the crowd had burst through the barrier of air force cadets, and surged round the machine. Practically everyone who had gained admittance to the hangar en aeavored to shake hands with Scott, and it was many minutes before he could leave his plaiie to go -to-the con trol room, where he was to have light refreshments. Every class of Melbourne citizen was represented in the' great wel coming crowd. The air.force and pri vate planes soared overhead, and hun dreds of pairs of race glasses followed them. The reserve and parking areas over all the approaches to the racecourse were full of cars long before 2.30 p.m. The Footscray hill was thickly crowded with sightseers. After Scott -and Black had been treated to drinks in the control room by a swarm of airmen, the fliers sud denly expressed 'a wish to' get away to Flemington and then-to a hot bath and shave in-the city as soon as pos sible. The checking officer .(Flying-Officer Henry) turned to Scott, 'who still had a half-filled glass' of lageri- in his hand, and said, "Let's start. First of all, are you C. W. Scott?" Men of No. 1 squadron were lined up on the Tarmac as a guard of honor for the triumphant pilots, who left in Moth planes for Flemington. Melbourne received Scott and Black when they returned to Flem ington from Laverton with a welcome which roared approval of . the magnificence of their perfor mance. On their feet the instant the planes conveying the aviators hove into sight the crowd cheered until the voices rose to. a crescendo of eulogy as the machines touched the ground. Melbourne's acclamation of their victory was full-blooded Australian, and it rose to a tumult of excitement as the fliers stepped out of the plane. _. The -crowd.had now swollen to 60,000. On the Footscray hill there were 10,000, and not one iota had the assembly dwindled in spite of a wet ting from the afternoon rain. Mr. A. O. Edwards, owner of the winning Comet, and Scott and Black were the most excited of them all. Even Sir Macpherson Robertson's nor mal urbanity deserted him, and he cheered and cheered again, and then led the cheering once more from his position on the dais. To him the arrival of the airmen on the course was the culmination of a desire to advance the cause-of avia tion' and bring Australia one step nearer to the other side 'of the' world. Airmen Worried by Grave Engine Trouble When Scott arrived at.Darwin with one of the engines of his plane "packed up" it was thought that the Comet would take no further part in the race, but mechanics got it going sufficiently well for it to do its part in helping to lift the big plane into the air again. As the plane left Fanny Bay Aerodrome watchers detected misfiring, and feared that trouible would again beset the fliers. Their fears proved to be well grounded. For, In state of exhaustion, which makes even more amazing their indomitable spirit in holding / their lead, Scott and Black emerged from their red Comet Grosvenor House, at Charleville Aerodrome at 8.12 a.m. today, after . having flown from Darwin with " the engine still useless. Grey faced and red eyed, Scott said, "I don't. think I can walk,", and thr9w his arms round the shoulders of a police inspector. As he was supported to the contro) tent his spirits rallied, and he smiled and waved to the cheering crowd. Scott said that they had not had more than' two hours' sleep since takingoff froinm England. "Well get to Melbourne if we have to stagger the rest of the way on one engine," he said. Not waiting for a glass, Scott drained hali a bottle of beer, while Black asked, '"After you with the bottle, Scotty." Scott said tlhat one of the motors?had "gone dud" in the middle .of the Timor Sea, and-it could not be rectified at Darwin properly. - Mechanics were at once at work on Scott's machine. "On the way from Darwin it was just dead weight," he declared. Whether the defect could be remedied or not they would push on to Melbourne. "Good Lord, 'we must get away," ejaculated Scott, when he heard that the Dutchmep were at Darwin. Both were frankly worried about their machine, and feared that if they had further trouble the Dutch men would steal a march on them. .'"they are going two. miles to .-our :(Air race continued) . one," said Scott. "It is terribly worry ing. Our port engine has one of its six cylinders dead, and the engine- has become seized again. I'm afraid little can-.bedoise for it.' (Continued on Pa;ge 5) - - SDUTCH AIR LINER SPEEDS SOUTH (Contiimed from Page 1) Fills Second Place in Race DARWIN, ·Tuesday.-H-ot on the heel? of Scott, Parmentier and Moll, in the Dutch Douglas air liner, which is carry ing three passengers in addition to a crew of four, landed at Darwin at 8 am. today-Scott arrived there at 838 p.m. yesterday-and after refuelling, left at 9.8 for Charleville. Scott left Darwin at 11.4 p.m. yesterday for Charleville. A message from.the Hague published in "The Times" says that all Holland is excited about the arrival, in Batavia of the Douglas plane. The arrival was broadcast by the chief pilot. Parmen tier, whose voice was heard exclaiming, "Is' that Holland? That's fine. '"We've had a beautiful journeys no difficulties, everything O.K. Why, at Alor Star we even had a bath. "The weather has been good ex cept for an occasional shower of rain. We are now going on to Ramnbang. Darwin, and Melbourne. The time of our arrival depends on the weather. and the machine. We have already done 38 flying hours." Then the mechanic came on the wireless and said:-"I had a good sleep. We avoided bad weather by climbing up over it." A mail comprising 26.000 letters was unloaded at Batavia, and the aeroplane was refuelled. It is reported that Moll will pilot the plane over Australia be cause he knows the route. While the three passengers-two men and a woman-had breakfast at Dar win, the plan refuelled, and 36 minutes after landing was in the air again, head ing south. The pline carries the first pilot, Par mentier, second pilot, Moll, wireless operator, Van Brugge, and the mecha nic, Prins. The passengers are Mr. R. G. Dominie, of Brazil, M. Peter Gilis sen, of The Hague, and Fraulein Thea Rasche. of Berlin. These three passengers were com plete strangers before 'the race, but are the firmest of friends after crossing the world in less than three days. OlIHffla rml|ffflfll ima lntflllfftill/ l miuli|lllmHlll1full flm ill "It is too marvellous, this flight," said Fraulein Rasche, and the others chimed in enthusiastically, "Yes, it is' abso lutely perfect for comfort, pleasure, and organisation." The three were drawn together by the lure of participating in the race, even as passengers. For Fraulein Rasche, however, the trip was more significant. She had intended entering and flying a plane of her own, but funds would niot permit The passen ger trip she is making is her "next best" She was the first German woman pilot after the war, and today is a stunt and seaplane pilot in Germany. When the. passengers stepped from the plane they sat down to a breakfast of wild duck, tomatoes, and beer off the ice, but "Tea, tea, tea." they demanded. "We want an Australian cap of tea." "Perhaps we may go farther." said Parmentier. "We are not particularly concerned because this flight is as much a tourist trip for us as an air race. After we reach Melbourne we will fly round for a time, then go back to the Dutch East Indies." Considering the number of stops the race tourists have made-15 so far--the Douglas air liner has made extraordi nary time in the race. It has taken 64½ hours to reach Darwin from Lon don, and 11 .hours of that time has been spent on the ground at stops at Rome, Athens, Aleppo, Bagdad, Jask, Karachi, Allahabad, Calcutta, Rangoon, Alor Star, Singapore, Batavia, Rambang, and Koepang. The plane's flying time to Darwin was therefore 53½ hours, only one hour more than Scott's. The plane, during the journey, has been travelling at more than its normal cruising speed of 195 miles an hour, because it is loaded to only 60 per cent of its normal capacity. On board the plane for Melbourne are 500 lb. of freight, and approximately 25,000 letters. 