 SCOTT WINS WORUTS 8REAT AR RACE ' ONBON TO MELBOURNE IN 71 HOURS INDOMITABLE SPIRIT CARRIES HIM THROUGH &./ v" FINAL DASH IN EPIC-MAKING FLIGHT C;,r. ' . ;:r BRITISH ENGINES STAND SUPREME " MELBOURNE, Tuesday. 's Scbtt and Black arrived in Melbourne at 3.30 o'clock this afternoon and landed at Essendon.' " ' . They did .the- journey from London to Melbourne, in ,71 hours, at an average speed of 181 to 182 iriiles an hour throughout, and won Sir Macpherson Robertsori s prize of £1 0,000. '. &lt; ' ... The finishing line of the air race was marked by a line dravvn approximately aist and west through the centre of .the Flemington racecourse; There was an. un- . . . mense concourse there. '' s:z ... r- At Essendon aerodrome, where Scott landed, about four miles from the winn- J ;ng mark, the crowd broke the bounds. They; swarmed on to the aerodrome and gave Scott and Black a wonderful reception. The winner was received by Sir Macpherson Robertson, the Governor (Lord Huntingfield) , the Premier (Sir Stanley A'rgyle), and the Lord Mayor (Sir Harold Genoult Smith"). :ame from the east. Scott at Charlevflle. .From our Special Correspondent.) v CHARLEVILLE, Tuesday. with thousand! of eye jrodrome straining towards th? nrth to catch the . alttht. of :iott thlc morning ha oeeaalonod >m« surprise by being sighted com- ,ti Inn from the oqst. - . . 1 Like a huge bird hlsCometsoon ilcked up the landing ground and ' fter clrollng It came In -from the : south against a Hghtf , ireeze. Scott made a gqoa landing t perhaps 60 miles "per hour and the .rowd cheered and olapped as the ;oted aviator and his companion, ' .tampbell Black, crawledfrom the , . Both men were very tlred and stiff, especially Scott, who eould hardly walk. Ho looked strained, end hag- oard and, of course, three days -awth of beard did not add to their appearance. Scott's machine was not behaving %t\ itself very well. He encountered en- aeleaas tmilhU hf>fore ISHdtflO ®t Dai- eVln and had to come on to Charle- vllle on one engine. The other en- line was certainly turning over, but it had no pull In It and .an a conae luence the travelling time was re- luced from. 220 mlifev.por hour to ; round about 100. ' . After landing, ,.Seott " vere motored from the. 'plane to the official tent, whore- a brief i welcome . "as exprcaeed by. the Mayor (Mrs Men), the Minister for Transport Jr. Dash), Mr. Randolph Bedford, L.A. for Warrego, and little Grace . 'Ion, tho ten year old daughter of aa - . . L.L.|f nt eehOOl j muyun v" MVMWI. . ildi.li of Charlevllle. 1 The Comet was run up to th.e big nger and mechanics Immediately to work In an endeavour to re- i - re tho energy to the lifeless en- -e. How long they will be on their ' , -k oannot at tho moment of writ- ' -I be told, but it Is generally con- . wred that Scott cannot waste more. V. ,n an hour here. ; ine of tho Dutch 'plane6 Is report- , ;i to Have left Darwin some- hours' rl . V.obut the general poeltlon nf frh. $$ 'ili-i- machines Is.. no;t aoeurately '" ,:'i im here. . . " , . ' 7, ?ott&lt; l«ft:0Prf|f»"«- .ten .minutes , MavenS'.ast night ' and arrived "'Tit aVM,,' and according to this ,'ionlrig the Comet must have aver- . -..id about 140 mllos per hour. V it la reported that the Dutchmen " &lt; nine hours behind Soott. 