 World Acclaims Scott, Two Days 23½ Hours From London FLIGHT HAILED AS GREATEST IN HISTORY Unforgettable Scenes At Flemington 100,000 BRAVE RAIN TO GIVE FLIERS WELCOME Line Crossed Twice To "Make Sure" DUTCHMEN DOWN AT ALBURY IN BLINDING STORM Guided To Course By Radio Signals And Novel Morse Message From Our Special Staff Representative MELBOURNE, October 24. In unforgettable scenes at Flemington racecourse yes- &nbsp; terday, where they were acclaimed by 100,000 people, C. W. A. Scott and T. Campbell Black, in their D.H. Comet, arrived after an historic flight of 2 days 23 1/2 hours from Mildenhall to win the £10,000 Centenary Air Race with the greatest performance aviation has known. Telegrams are pouring into Melbourne from all parts of the world congratulating the winners on their flight. The huge crowd, which had waited in the rain, had been raised to a high pitch of excitement from the moment the red Comet left Charleville at 11 a.m. on the last stage of the flight, and was kept informed of its progress during its journey of four and a half hours to Melbourne. There was tumultous cheering as the Comet crossed over the line, and another outburst when the plane crossed over again to make sure,as Scott afterward? explained. Soon, it headed for Laver- ton. the Air Force depot, were it landed. The news of the end of the flight reached London at dawn and soon special editions of the morning papers appeared. Pheno- menal interest, eclipsing even that of the Test matches, had been created from the outset of the flight, and grew rapidly as re- ports of Scott's terrific progress came to hand. This enthusiasm was shared by Hie Majesty the King, who was kept constantly in touch, and was supplied with a map by the Air Ministry. The arrival in Melbourne of tlie Douglas air liner, flown by K. D. Parmentier and J.J. Moll, has been delayed. The big plane made &nbsp; good progress from Darwin to Charlevilie but then ran into ter- &nbsp; rific storms, in which it lost its bearings. Fears were felt for its safety, but later, with the aid of radio signals, it was guided to Albury, the town's lights being turned on and off to flash out in -Morse a message telling the whereabouts of the aerodrome On landing, the wheels of the plane became badly bogged, and to enable it to take off this morning the passengers and mail will be left behind. Behind the Dutchmen are the Americans Roscoe Turner and Clyde Pangborn, who have left Darwin for Charleville. They said at Darwiu that, although they were out of the race, they would go on as rapidly as possible, and expected to arrive in Melbourne to- morrow. The fourth plane to reach Darwin is expected to be the Comet flown &nbsp; by Gathcart Jones and Ken Waller. This plane after having developed engine trouble, remained at Batavia for some hours tonight. The fliers intended to stay there until midnight in order to time their arrival at Koepang for the flight over the Timor Sea at dawn. In addition the flight of the New Zealanders, Malcolm McGregor and H. C. Walker, who are making a bold bid for a place in the handicap event, is coming into prominence. They are on their way to Singapore, where they are expected tomorrow morning. Air Force Wapiti day bombers and Aero Club Moths thrilled the crowd with aerobatics for an hour before Scott and Black's Comet was sighted at F'lem- ington. Ths Comet was silhouetted against a background of grey cloud when it first appeared. Its wings seemed long and extraordinarily thin, and its fuselage was a circle between two smaller ones. A host of other planes were matting desperate attempts to keep pace with it, but its speed was far too high for them. As it approached the finishing line the delightful grace of the Comet's modern streamlining became more no- ticeable. Its crimson coloring seemed to lend it added speed. A mile and a half from the grandstands it swooped down in a graceful right-hand dive from 2,000 ft. to 100 ft. Straightening up, it flashed across the finishing line amid tumultuous cheering, and sped past the grandstand towards Laverton. Zooming again as it left the racecourse, the Comet held its straight course towards Laverton aerodrome and dis- appeared from sight with amazing rapidity. Such high speed for a com- mercial machine had never before been seen in Australia. Murmurs of disappointment travelled through the crowd at the momentary glimpse Scott had given of his won- derful machine. Several minutes later, as though Scott had realised that he had disappointed his watchers, the Comet reappeared from the west Side slipping down again with effort- less grace, the crimson machine sped over the heads of the concourse like a visible bullet. Beauty Praised Climbing again, it circled the show ground at a height of 1,000 feet raced over the outskirts of the city', and headed again for Laverton, passing down the centre of the Flemingion racecourse on the way. It did not return, but the crowd was satisfied. While everyone was still praising the Comet's beauty and speed, a surprise report came that Scott and Campbell Black had actually landed at Laverton. Then the crowd settled down to &nbsp; await the return of the two victors in air Force Moths. Fifteen minutes later they appeared, Scott, flown by Squadron Leader Bla din, and Campbell Black by Flight Lieutenant Dalton. Fresh cheering greeted their reappearance. After hav- ing flown low along the straight, they landed in the flat. Air Force &nbsp; mechanics seized the wing tips of each machine and steadied them as they taxied to a standstill opposite the members grandstand. Wing Commander Cole, deputy chair man of the Air Race Committee of the Centenary Council, was the first to greet the winners of the world's greatest speed marathon. He accom panied the airmen to the end of the straight, where they entered a wait ing motor car and were driven past the grandstands and back again, ac- knowledging the vociferous greetings of the throng as they went. Greeted By Lord Mayor Then they left the car and walked up the straight toward the weighing-in enclosure, where the Lord Mayor (Sir Harold Gengoult Smith) awaited them on the dais. As they passed the crowded rails they shook hands and stopped to speak with hundreds of well wishers. An Air Force guard of honor cleared a lane through the crowd Opposite the dais the crowd redoubled its cheer- &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; ing, the Air Force Band trumpeted the strains of "See the Conquering Heroes Come." and the pair stood on the dais high above the heads of everyone, waving their hands in acknowledgment of the greeting. As they thus stood the throng burst forth with "They are Jolly Good Fel- lows." The two men, who had won the greatest air race in history, looked anything but the glamorous heroes of an epic. They had none of the heavy weather proof trappings of the con ventional airmen, but wore light over coats over plus fours and sweaters. Scott wore golf shoes and Campbell Black wool-lined flying moccasins, from the top of which the fluffy lining cropped grotesquely. Both were unshaven and weather beaten, and were clearly bear- ing up against extreme fatigue, but through their weariness showed a warm appreciation of the cordiality of the reception. The crowd at Laverton, of course, was small, but no less enthusiastic. From early morning a line of cars had been growing in the Geelong road on the northern boundary of the R.A.A F. aerodrome, but no spectators beyond those provided with special passes were allowed within the ad ministration and hangar area, where Scott and his companion were to be met, and their machine was to be housed. Soon after lunch time &nbsp; invited guests began to arrive and as the afternoon wore on a group several hundred strong, had gathered near the hangars. These included Scott and Campbell Black's backer, Mr. A. O. Ed- wards. Miss Jean Batten, who flew from England to Australia this year; Squadron Leader McNamara, officer commanding the R.A.A.F station; and groups of Air Force officers and their friends discussing the race in techni- cal terms. By the mysterious tele- graphy that keeps crowds informed, word of its progress was regularly cir culated as the plane sped down through New South Wales, and crossed the Vic torian border. Within minutes of the report from Hay came word that Bendigo had been passed, then the intervening towns, till Broadford, a few miles away, reported the fliers passing low overhead. By now the dis- tant mountains were blotted out by drizzling rain, which soon increased to a heavy downpour. The onlookers sought the shelter of the hangar which awaited the Comet, but the Air Force officers in charge hardened their hearts, and lines of air craftsmen clasping hands, barred the way while jaunty hats and smart outfits became sodden. Talkie men sat on the roofs of their cars getting wet through while holding umbrellas over their cameras. Continued on Page 20, CoL 3. 