 Scott And Partner Win Easily The Centenary Air Race FROM LONDON TO MELBOURNE IN 71 HOURS INTENSE interest has been taken in the Centenary Air Race from England to Melbourne. r W A Scott and T. Campbell Black flying a De Havilland Comet aeroplane reached Australia nrst. iney were signi- ed over the Timor Sea approaching Dar win just after 9 p.m. on October 22 (Mel bourne time), and they landed on the Darwin aerodrome at 9.8 p.m. The Comet landed on one engine, but the trouble was repaired, and the flight to Charle- vifle began at 11.34 pan. Scott averaged 173 miles an hour from London. His time being 52 hours 42 minutes. Flashing out of the sky like a fiery particle, with the roar of its engines merging into a tumult of cheering that rose from a vast waiting crowd, the scar let D.H. Comet, piloted by C. W. Scott and Capt. T. Campbell Black, flew over the finishing line of the Centenary Air Race at Flemington racecourse at 34 mins. 38 seconds past 3 o'clock. The full time for the 11,323 miles from Mildenhall to Melbourne was 71 hours 18 seconds, or two days 23 hours 18 seconds. . . Fiftv thousand people were waiting m drizzling rain for this great moment It was their opportunity to say: "This is Scott, that was." By tli is time, the Lord Mayor (Sir Gengoult Smith) and the Air Race donor (Sir Macpherson Robertson), together with the Minister for Agriculture (Mr Allan), were waiting on the dais before the grandstand. "It's great to have arrived— even if it is in the mud."' Scott said as he landed atLaVerton. "Anyway, thank God we're here! "And now all Blade and I want is sleep." When news of Scott's approach to Melbourne was brought to the Laver- ton aerodrome, Mr A. O. Edwards, nominator of the Comet plane, spent many anxious moments beside a wire less set waiting for news. When the first news was flashed over die air, Mr Edwards was beseiged by many friends. The first to congratulate him was Miss Jean Batten, the New Zealand girl flier, who only a few months ago completed her England to Australia flight- About a quarter of an hour after Scott was reported to be approaching Flemington. a tiny speck was noticed in the sky in an easterly direction. Within two minutes he had brought the Comet down, and landed well. Taxi-ing over half of the aerodrome, he pulled up just inside the door of the main hangar, but before the machine could be properly brought to a stand still the crowd had burst through the barrier of Air Force cadets and surged around the machine. Practically everyone who had gained admittance to the hanger endeavored to shake hands with Scott, and it was inany minutes before he could leave his plane to go to the control room for light refreshments. Meanwhile, the Dutchman, in their Douglas, landed at Darwin at 9 a.m. (Melbourne time), re-fuelled, and left tor Charleville at 9.36 ajn., exactly ten hours behind Scott. The American, Roscoe Turner, left Singapore for Darwin, on an intended non-stop flight at 1.30 a.m. (Melbourne ,found it impossible to make „ xz ile hop in a plane with only a 1200 mile range, and landed at Koe- at 12.45 p.m. (Melbourne time). Waller and Jones left Singapore for Darwin at 1.42 p.m. Scott's Story "It was a struggle like Hell all the f,y t get the old bus through," Scott nT V? j voice busky with fatigue, when if down to a hasty meal just after Campbell Black reached Darwin n,gm of October 22. InJ nnR "r Port motor cut out over the «»3W nines across the Timor Sea, we blindini" i,ng iP grimly through skim! rT and iky black cloud just biliK!?8 sea to get whatever visi- "T> there was. chanL0Uigh1i il. was a11 up with us. Our and so hopeless that Black ine fnnu our lifebelts and sat wait- gror the crash. dream ought \ inevitable. We did not under ,?UV starboard motor would hold StiSntir strahi but u ved beieht'f 1 j"ly 1161(1 but we gained vv, U, actHally took us to 3000ft, than risk flyin6 blind, rather iag Vm y1 the sea by descend- l8 ' VI5ll)ihty, ground liy,0 ll?d only two hours on the "The ifi ee leavin6 London, ing mv . .ca,ne just when, remember- Sea i trips across the Timor Ravine CQI)gratulating myself on relief pilot" ongInes beneath ine and a 1 itad actually written this in my log when the port motor packed up. It lost all its revolutions, leaving us flying blind with only one motor. "I will never forget the fight for our lives which followed. After what seem- ed an. eternity of hoping, we saw what appeared to be land on the horizon. We scarcely dared hope it was, thinking it was only the reflection of a cloud. "We did not dare risk a hop across the bay, so hugged the coastline until we reached the narrowest portion of the Straits, where we hopped across the water again, and set a straight course to Darwin, picking up the aerodrome without any trouble. "Then came the most difficult part of the job— to get down safely with only one engine. "These Greyhound machines are the very devil to land in any circumstances, but with only one engine they are fiends. "We held our breath as we flattened out, but almost miraculously we touched, bounced a bit, then settled down to a safe run." Here Scott abruptly broke off as one of toe expert mechanics, who had been working on the plane, burst in with a theory that a defective oil gauge, and uot a damaged engine, was the cause of the port motor's failure. Flight from Darwin In a state of exhaustion which makes even more amazing their indomitable spirit in holding their lead in the Air! Race, C. W. A. Scott and T. Campbell: Black emerged from their Red Comet, "Grosvenor House", at Charleville aero drome at 8.42 a.m. on October 23, after having flown from Darwin with one use less engine. Grey-faced and red -eyed, Scott said, "I don't think I can walk," and threw: his arms around the shoulders of a; police inspector. He is also suffering! from an injured leg, and he had the help of an old colleague. Capt W. S.: Bird, as he limped from the machine. j As he was supported to the control! tent nts spirits rallied, ana he smiled and waved to the cheering crowd. "It's great to get here," he said. "We . are terribly tired but happy," and then he asked if any beer were available. Captain Campbell Black donned his felt hat and followed Scott from the plane. They were wearing heavy clothing, woollen slippers and scarves, which they donned before leaving England. Neither had a spare change of clothings and they hoped to . receive the gift of a suit when they get to their goal. Both airmen looked all in, but smiled cheerfully through two days' growth of beard. Scott said they had not had more than two hours' sleep since taking off from London. He added that he could not say when they would leave Charleville. It de pended on what could be done with the cut-out motor, but, he declared: "We'll get to Melbourne if we have to stagger the rest of the way on one engine." I am so hoarse, I can hardly speak," he added, and looked around question- ingly for the beer, which at that moment arrived. Not waiting for glasses, Scott drained half a bottle. "After you with the bottle, 'Scotty'," said Campbell Black. "Scotty" took up the story of the flight "We left Darwin at 11.10 last night and were not at all happy in our take off," he said. "One of the motors had gone dud in the middle of the Timor Sea. and we could not get it properly rectified at Darwin. "It soon cut out again, and the oil pressure started to drop. "Where Are The Dutchmen?" "We were terribly worried about it but we limped along and — we got here. "We had barely sufficient petrol to get us here, since we could not lift a big load with one engine likely to go dead again. And the Dutchmen close on our Scott paused to ask where the Dutch men were, then — "Did you hear that Tom?" he shouted to Black as jubilantly as his hoarseness would allow him, when told that the Dutchmen had hot yet left Darwin. At 11 a.m. they left Charleville for Melbourne non-stop (engine permit ting), Scott stating that he expected to take about five hours. Carrying the only passengers in the Air Race, the Royal Dutch Air Mail entry, Douglas D.C.2, arrived at Darwin from London at 9 am. on October 23 (Melbourne time). While the three passengers— two men and a woman — had breakfast, the plane refuelled, and 36 minutes after landing was in the air again heading south exactly 10 hours behind Scott the leader. The plane carries First Pilot Parmen- tier, Second Pilot Moll. Wireless Opera tor Van Brugge and Mechanic Prins. The passengers are R. G. Dominie, of i Brazil: Peter Gillissen. of The Hague; and FVaulein Thea Rasche. of Berb'n. These three passengers were complete strangers before the race, but are the j firmest of friends after having crossed the world in less than three days. Romantic Career Mr C. W. A. Scott has had a roman tic career — one of adventure crown ed with many triumphs and thrills. He is only 31. and has been flying ever since he was 19. He is regarded by aeronautical experts as one of the toughest and shrewdest air pilots in the world. Soon after leaving school he joined the Royal Air Force in 1922, and soon ! established for himself a reputation as ia fearless flyer. ' On his arrival in Australia seven year s ago he joined Qantas organisation. Two years later he was involved in a crash near Adelaide. His mechanic was burnt to death, and Scott was in hospital in critical condition for several weeks. In 1930 he returned to England. In April, 1931, flying solo in a Gipsy Moth plane, he lowered Kingsford - Smith's record to Australia by 18 hours 20 min utes. Scott's time was 9 days 3 hours 20 minutes. On the homeward journey to Lon don several weeks later, he again lowered the Australian ace's record by 48 hours, covering the journey in 10 days 3 hours. When Mr C. A. Butler lowered Scott's record to Australia by a few hours, the Englishman set out again from England on April 19, 1932, and flew to Darwin in 8 days 20 hours 45 minutes, establishing a new record. When Air-Marshal Sir John Sal- mond visited Australia several years ago, Scott piloted him during his stay here. He was also selected to pilot the Governor-General (Lord Stonehaven) over north-western and central Aus tralia in 1928. Two Killed The Fairey Fox plane entered by J. K. C. Baines, which Flying Officer H. D. Gilman was flying in the Centenary Air Race, crashed on Monday morning at Fellazza San Gervasio, in Italy. The plane caught fire in the air. Both' occupants were killed. It is believed j that Baines was the passenger. j Gilman had trouble during the first stage of the race on Sunday and reached j Marseilles on Sunday night. Mr J. K. L. Baines, an Englishman' who lived for 13 years at Palmerston North, New Zealand, flew there exten-i sively both as a private owner and a member of the NZ. Citizen Air Force.| While on his way to England to obtain a plane for the race last February he flew several times at Essendon. Flying-Officer Gilman was a New Zealander. He was on a short service commission with the R.A.F. in England and obtained leave to pilot the plane in the air race. Bombing Plane Located The missing Royal Air Force bombing plane in which Flying-Officer Hobler, a sergeant and a corporal were flying from Singapore to Alor Star, has been located near Kulang, Jahore, where it was forced to land. . None of the occupants of the plane, which was flying to Alor Star in connec tion with the air race, is hurt, but the plane is badly damaged. It was cleverly landed on a small clearing in the dense _ tiger-infested j jungle, miles from civilisation. The occupants walked to the nearest native village, where they were re ceived by the village chief, who sent, runners with the news that the Royal j Air Force men were safe. The Competitors Those remaining in the race early on October 23 were: — Mr and Mrs J. A. Mollison, Britain (DiL Comet). Colonel Roscoe Turner and Mr Clyde: Pangborn. U.S-A. (Boeing). j Flight-Lieutenant O. Cathcart Jones j and Mr Ken Waller, Britain (DJLj Comet) . 1 Mr C. W. A. Scott and Captain T.j Campbell Black. Britain (DJ1. Comet), j Mr K. D. Parmentier and Mr J. J.; Moll. Holland (Douglas D.C.2). Mr John H. Wright and Mr John Polando. U.SA. (Lambert Monocoupe).: Flying-Officer C. G. Davies and Lieu tenant-Commander Hill. Britain (Fairey 3F). Squadron-Leader J. D. Hewitt and Flying-Officer C. E. Kay, N.Z. (D.H. Rapid e). lieutenant Michael Hansen and Mr I CAPTAIN T. CAMPBELL BLACK i _ _ _ i Jensen. Denmark (Desoutter Mark IL). | Mr H. L. Brook, Britain (Miles Fato ! Squadron -Leader M. C. MacGregof land Mr H. C. Walker, N.Z. (Miles Hawk). „ . i Flight-Lieutenant G. Shaw, Britain I (British Klemm Eagle). Squadron-Leader D. E. S tod art and 1 Sergeant -Pi lot K. G. Stodart, Britain (Air Speed Courier). Mr C. J. Melrose, Australia (Puss Moth). Out Of The Race Colonel Fitzmaurice (Irish Free State) | withdrew at the last minute owing to a disagreement with the committee. Ray Parer (New Guinea) was forced down near Boulougne by engine trouble. Cap tain Stack (Britain) had trouble with the ' brakes binding. Miss Cochran (U.S.A."' withdrew on arrival at Bucharest. She announced that her landing gear was out of order. Geysen- dorfer (Holland) crashed at Allahabad, i Flying-Officer Gilman and Mr Baines (Britain), were killed. c. W. SCOTT 