 WITHIN FIFTY HOURS POST'S AMBITION London-Melbourne Flight Plans WASHINGTON, Saturday:— Wiley Post has announced that if . the argument over the entrance . requirements is settled so that an R. licensed 'plane is eligible, he intends to. equip the " Winnie Mae" with a supjer charger and a propeller with a controllable pitch. He could then achieve a 35,000 feet altitude- and make 300 miles an hour, completing the London to Melbourne flight in 50 hours or less. Iu his famous Lockheed Bega - mon oplane, "Winnie Mae," in AA'hich he tAvice circled, the Globe, Post plans an attempt on the Avorld's altitude record shortly. The Lockheed factory hq.s streamlined the 'plane and a special auxiliary supercharger has been added to the 450 horse-poAA'er engine, making the "Winnie Mae" the most advanced 'plane in aA'iation to-day. At 40,000 feet, AA'hich he Avill reach in 40 min utes, Post estimates he will flv be tween 280 and 400 miles an hour. Post said: "Engineers disagree about speed at that altitude but F am convinced, AA'ith the aid of the super charger, the- higher -I- get the faster I will fly. Long distance commercial flying of the future must be in the strathosphere, above bad AA'eather, and this AA'ill be the first serious attempt to practically predict the future. I haA'e a hunch I AA'ill shatter the world's record at the same time." Field in struments Avill be used. SILK AND RUBBER SUIT. To AA'ithstan;: the enormous pressure on his body at; 50,000 and 60,000 feet altitude, AA'hich lie hopes to reach, Post, has designed a silk and rubber suit to enclose his AA'holo body, includ ing his headland lianrls; like, a diver 's unit.: Tfc Avill be inflated by the sup ercharger from 15,000 feet upAA'nrrls. Rubber de-icers on the wing, edges, Avhich haA'e been; used on ' American commercial' 'planes for some time, will be employed to remove ice from the Avings. If -lie starts in. the MacRob- ertson air- race, Post aauII use the same, equipment; Avhich /should enable him to reach -Australia in three days, easily. : .. ' : . At the moment, American entrants, Avith their unusual but proven 'planes. ; so much in ad\'anee of European equip ment porticularlv at high speed, are having bother Avith the London officials gOA'erning the race. Post -regards the. race as an ideal opportunity, as Sir MePherson MacRobertson evidently had in mind to proA'e the most ad vanced types of 'planes. . . . ; Post said: "It Avould be free to/al! for anybody Avith airAA'orthy 'planes- so that| lots of neAv ideas may be Avorked . out. Unless our latest 'planes are al- loAved. to enter the race it. will- lose its international flavor, which I ;feel i will disappoint: Australians as much as: IIS." _ 