 CENTENARY AIR RACE Wiley Post's Big Bid MELBOURNE BV 45 HOURS (Special to 'The Daily News'') LONDON, June 21.' TF Mr. Wiley Post secures an air worthiness certificate on his present plane and engine he holds that he should reach Melbourne 24 hours ahead of the others, said the pilot. Mr. S. M. D. Ferguson, who left Adelaide in 1!)24 at the age of 19. for America, seeking a motor-racing life. Mr. Ferguson has flown commercial ly for the last iH years and has 4500 MR. WILEY POST flying hours to his credit. He is at present interviewing Mr. Brian of Quantas and will possibly join the Singapore-Australian airmail. Mr. Ferguson added : 'Mr. Wiley Post's machine was not at present with in the airworthiness conditions. The super-charging ratio was above that, al lowed by the Department of Commerce. Mr. Post wishes to introduce further suppr-charging devices and hopes to fly at 30,000 to 40,000 feet at which he. can safely do 300 miles an hour. He should therefore, arrive in Melbourne in 45 hours if his expectations are ful filled- If he fails it will be due to mechanical trouble TOUGHEST MAN IN WORLD 'Mr. Wiley Post is the toughest man in the world and will go through any thing to win. He intends to attack the altitude and trans-American records be fore the race. Anyone else who enters the air race solo is crazy.' Mr. Ferguson says that the Douglas machine is the most formidable ma chine entered and the finest aeroplane in existence. It cruises on the regu lar service above 200 miles an hour and can be ^speeded up. It is eminently suited for long-range work. Mr. Harold Gatty and Mr. Parmen tier have excellent chances, because na vigation will be a decisive factor, he says. Sir Charles Kingsfoith Smith is also thus favored for he has a fast ma chine. Others need good radio and full ground co-operation. 'The Locheed Orion and Delta have proved speedy, but the Vega has. not a chance,' says Mr- Ferguson- 'I have not entered because a commercial plane could not compete with specials like that of Mr. Wiley Post.' 