 FIFTY HOURS ! oudrin-Melbdufnfc Flight Stttt.rta Withstand Pressure WRey Post has announced 'that if the argument ovar the entrance re quirements ip nettled go that an R li censed 'plane is eligible, he intends to equip the "Winnie, Jifte" with a supercharger and' a propeller with a cpptrolligble pitch. pfe could then achieve' a 35.Q&0 feet ' altlitide and make, 300 mtl&i an hV>ur, completing the London to Melbourne flight in 50 hour* or less, states a Washlngton message. > ■? - » ; fn his famous Lockheed Bega mono plane, "Winnie Mae," in which he twicg circled the globb, Post "plans an attempt bit the woftd*fr altitude record shortly. Thb Lofckheed factory has Btreaidlihed the 'plahe and a; special 1 auxiliaiy supercharger 'ha# been add ed to the 450 horsb-powbr engine, making the "Winnie Mae" the most advanced 'plane in aviation to-day. At 40,000 feet, which he will reach in 40 minutes, Post estimates he will fly between 280 apd 400 miles an hour. Post said: "Engineers disagree about speed at' thai altitude, but I am convinced, with 'the aid of the super charger, the higher I get the faster I will 'fly. Long distance commercial flying of the future must be in the strathosphere. above had weather, and this will he the first serious attempt to practically predict the future. 1 have a jhupch I will shatter the World's record at the. same time." Field 'instruments will be used. SILK AND RUBBER SUIT To withstand the enormous pres sure on hips bpdy -at fifcooo an&lt;* feet altitude, which he hopes to reach. Pert has designed a silk and rubber suit to enclose his whole body, includ ing his head and hands, like a diver's suit. It will be Inflated by the super charger from 15,000 feet upwards. Rubber de-icers on the wing edges, which have been used on American commercial 'planes for some time, will be employed to remove ice from the wings. If he starts in the Mac Robertson air race. Post will use the same equipment, which should enable liim to reach Australia in three days easily. At tiip moment. American entrants, with their unusual, but proved 'planes so much in advance of European equipment particularly at high speed, are having bother with the London officials governing {he race. Post re gards the race as an ideal opportun ity. as Sir Macpherson MacRobertson evidently had in mind to prove the most advanced types of 'planes. Post fegid: "|t should be free to all for anybody with airworthy 'pjanes so that lots of new ideas may he worked out. Unless our latest 'plapes. are al lowed to enter the race it will lose its international flavour, which I feel will disappoint Australians as much as us." 