 AMBITIOUS FLIGHT TO MELBOURNE Kingsford Smith's Aim 2 DAYS 19½ HOURS Tanks To Be Fully Loaded In Europe Australian Associated Press LONDON. November 6. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, accom- &lt;*> panied by Mr. T. Pethybridge, made a fresh start on his flight to Australia from Lympne at 6.27 a.m. today, and at 8.40 ajn. he passed over Lyons, fly ing at a great height. He announced before he left England that, if con ditions in the early stages were favor able, he hoped to be in Melbourne by noon on Saturday (Australian time), which would beat C. W. A. Scott's re cord of 2 days 22 hours 58 minutes in the Centenary race by 3 hours 25 minutes. At 2.30 p.m. no further report had been received of Kingsford Smith, which suggests that he is omitting Marseilles and may possibly be at tempting to reach Athens non-stop as the velocity of the westerly wind in parts of the Mediterranean reacSec1. 70 miles an hour at 10,000 feet. He was averaging 200 miles an hour before re ceiving: the benefit of the wind. Kingsford Smith has been In formed that the Wyndhatn aero drome is waterlogged, and therefore cannot be used. He will therefore land at Darwin, which will add 130 miles to his route- The weather locally was ideal at the outset of the flight, and Kingsford Smith said that on Che latest reports from the Mediterranean would depend whether he landed first at Mar seilles or In Italy. HSs maximum official permissible load of petrol from England is 138 gal lons, which would enable him to cover about 1.100 miles at a cruising speed of 190 miles an hour. His intention is to load to his m^Timmn capacity of nearly 400 gallons either at Marseilles or Athens. The 500 h.p. military Wasp engine of the Lady Southern Cross had already been wanning up for some time when Kingsford Smith arrived at the aero drome. It was a tlear morning, but so cold that he was anxious to enter the machine where the seat was electrically warmed. Thirty people said farewell to him as he took OS beautifully in the dawn. To get the benefit of the super charged engine he intends to fly at be tween 10,000 and 15,000 feet. most of the way. The trmrfitpa was recondi tioned after the recent battering it re ceived over the Mediterranean. The forecast reoeived at 5 ajn. indi cated that the aviator would en counter a strong beam wind over Prance, but the wind shculd favor him after he passes Mar seilles. Otherwise, the weather in the Mediterranean is now unpromising it is snowing in northern Italy and thun derstorms threaten elswhere along the route; but, es Kingsford Smith said, "there will be no turning back this time, i must stick it somehow." 