 TERRIFIC NEW BLOWS UNLESS JAPAN QUITS SOON Allies Will Not Allow The Situation To Drift FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS IN LONDON AND NEW YORK AND AAP THERE ARE SIGNS THAT ALLIED PATIENCE WITH THE JAPANESE IS RUNNING OUT. Unless the Japanese surrender by 3am Melbourne time today the Allies will unleash terrific new blows, including more atomic bomb raids, according to Washington correspondents. Official circles in London say no time limit has been communicated to the Japanese, but the Allies will not allow the situation to drift. Washington correspondent of "New York Times" says it is understood the new attacks may be launched without warning. Japanese News Agency announces that the official text of the Allied reply to the Japanese Government's surrender offer was received in Tokyo yesterday through the Swiss Legation. Reuter comments that this statement seems to indicate that the Japanese reply to the Allied terms may be delayed longer than was expected, as it was generally assumed that the Allied note was already in Tokyo. It was despatched nearly 48 hours ago. Togo, the Japanese Foreign Minister, again reported to the Throne at 1.10pm Melbourne time yesterday, according to Tokyo Radio. Radio operators in Geneva are standing by tuned in to Tokyo. Swiss Foreign Office officials are waiting to receive the Japanese Minister when he arrives with Japan's reply. "Whitehall does not regard the delay in the Japanese reply to the Allied demand as having sinister implica- tions," says the British Press Association's diplomatic correspondent. "Japan, by her acceptance of the Potsdam declara- tion, admitted defeat. She is trying to save the face of the Emperor, and may even try to twist. "The Allies are in no mood for argument with a beaten enemy. There is no doubt in London that the Allies have said the last word on the Emperor's position. "The fact that the Japanese have not yet accepted the decision that the Emperor must act under the orders of the Allied Supreme Commander is evidence of the bitterness of the pill they must swallow. "The Japanese Government knows that while it talks huge annand sea forces are surrounding the nation, armed with the most powerful weapons, and ready to deliver devastating blows." Just what is holding up the Japanese reply is not clear. "New York Times" in a leader suggests it is possible the Japanese leaders who made the surrender offer are having trouble at home. "Pravda" supports previous reports from other sources that the military clique is objecting to the pro- posed capitulation, and is determined to fight to the last man. Frequent interruptions and contradictions in Japan- ese broadcasts, including the failure of the authorities to announce the surrender offer to their own people, point in this direction. The widely discussed theory that Hirohito may com- mit hara-kiri or be assassinated by the military clique is not subscribed to by authorities on Japan in Washington. It is more likely, they say, that he may step aside in favour of Crown Prince Akihito and a Regency. Two weeks ago Hirohito was reported to be ill, and it is thought that this may be part of a build-up to cover his sudden disappearance from the political scene. "To bring the Emperor directly into the field of executive government obviously affords the best means of ensuring that all Japanese armed resistance shall simultaneously be brought to an end, and that provisions for the safety of Allied war prisoners shall be effectively carried out," says "The Times," of London. "Recent Japanese history has shown a certain readi- ness on the part of such organised military groups as the Kwantung Army to repudiate unpalatable orders on the excuse that they do not embody the will of the Emperor. Under the present plan no such recalcitrance would seem possible. "The sanctity attaching to direct Imperial orders should suffice to secure prompt obedience and prevent the present formal hostilities degenerating into a series of costly, if isolated, mopping-up operations." Admiral Nimitz and his staff are working at high pressure preparing maps to be used in the occupation of Japan. One officer said: "We have anchorage maps up to date, and a berth has been allocated for every ship." 