 Aerial Navigation. A. Sydney Man's Invention. To London in Four Days. The offer of n prize of £40,000 by tho managers of tho St. Louis Exhi bition, to be held next year, for a stcomblo air-car, will no doubt stimu- 1 Into iuvoutors all over the world. | Undoubted as was II. Santos Duinont's success a few months ago in going xuuim tne -tjiuei lower in l'aris, it is felt that ho has not contributed much to tho solution of the real dilliculty. His lifting power is a balloon, but ho himself regards this as only an ex pedient, to bo used so long as nothing bolter is discovered, for he says, ' I oxpect that a wiiy will be found of dispensing with the balloon, and of re lying upon the motors .altogether be fore very long.' There is nothing new in applying balloons and kites to lifting other bodies — though such power is cumbersome, inconvenient, , and small. M. Dumont's knowledge was chioily shown in his being ablelo ateer tho car. WJiat is wanted for : successful aerial navigation is a com- : bination of lifting and guiding. I BJr. Charles Schwartz, of 11 (i King- 1 street, Newtown, claims to have in- ! vented an aorial car which fulfills both these conditions. Some months ago wo gave a description of his invention, and since then he has m.iilo some im provements on it, though the essential principles remain the same. At firsi;, Mr. Schwartz was much hampered by want of funds, but bo .succeeded in securing the needed linaueil assistance, and the help of a skilled engineer, awl the machine is in such an' advanced state that ho hopes to be able to make a trial trip in the course of a few weeks. aiul give a public exhibition by the end of three months. Mr, Schwartz has deemed it desir able to increase tho lifting power by tho addition of a third wing, and to liave a 2^ horse-power motor instead ?of a half-horse. It will bo controlled by one man, and ho estimates that, in ?addition, |he will bo able to carry from throo to four hundredweight. The car is built of aluminium, cigar shaped, 10ft. long by 2ft. wide in the centre, can bo made to rise to any altitude, and i.s under complete con trol. It is believed that a speed of 80 miles an hour can bo obtained, and a journey maclo to London— the dis tance to which, in a straight lino, is givon as 8000 miles — wii-bin four days. If the coming experiment is success ful, Mr. Schwartz intends building a much larger car for competition at the St. Louis Exhibition. 