 Aerial Navigation. A SYDNEY INVENTOR. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN FOUR DAYS. The offer of a prizj of £40,000 by the managers of the St. Louis Exhi bition, to be held next year, for a steerage air-car, will no doubt stimu late inventor* a'l over the world. Un doubted at wa« Mr. Santos DumontY success a few months ago in going round the Effel Tower in Paris, it is felt that he has not contributed raucli to the soluiion of the real difficulty. His lifting power is a balloon, bot he himself regards this as only an expedient, for he says, " I expect that b way will be found of dispensing with the balloon, and on relying upon the motors altogether before very long." There is nothing new in applying balloons and kites to lifting other bodies-though such power is cumbersome, inconvenient, and small. M. Dumont'e knowledge was chiefly shown in his being able to steer the car. What is wanted for successful serial navigation is n combination of lifting and guiding. Mr. Charles 8chwariz, of 116 King | street, Newtown, Sydney, claims to have these sonditions. Some months ago we gave a description of bis in vention, and since then he has made some improvements on it, though the essential principles remain the tame. At first, Mr. Schwartz was much hampered by want of fundi, but^he succeeded in securing the needed financial assistance, and the help of a skilled .engineer, and the machine is in such an advanced etale that he hopes to be nble to make a trial irip in the course of a few weeks, and give a public exhibition by the end of three months. Mr. Schwarie has deemed it de sirable to increase the lifting power by the addition of a third wing, and to ha«e a2J horse power motor in stead of a half-horse. Tt will be controlled by one man, and he esti mates that, in addition, he will be able to carry from three to four hundredweight. The car is built of aluminium, cigar-shaped, 10ft. long by 2ft. wide, in the centre, can be made to rise to any altitude, and it under complete control. It is be lieved that a speed of 80 miles an hour can be obtained, and a journey made to London-the d««tanc3 to which, in a straight line, is given' as 8,000 miles-within four days. If the coming experiment is successful. Mr. Schwarie intendb building a much larger car for com petition at the St. Louis Exhibition. 