 SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TWENTY DAYS. 1 AUSTRALIA NEEDS A FASTER SERVICE. EXPRESS STEAMERS OF 2a KNOTS. HOW THE SEA JOURNEY COULD BE REDUCED. ('Sunday TlmcB' Special.) When Jules Verno wrote 'Around the World In Eighty Days,' ho had nothing but Imagination upon which to base his calculations. To-day Australia Is In a position to demand a servlco\ 'from Sydnoy to Lon uon in twenty days,* bec'auso 25 and 26 knot boats are now travelling tho oceans of tho world. 'Impossible !' 'Preposterous !' 'You don't know what you aro talking about !' wore tho exprosslvo replies which woro accorded to tho 'Sunday Times' repre sentative who approached shipping men with tho question as to the prospect of. reaching London in twenty days from Sydney. Briefly, London Is 12,555 miles distant from the capital of Kpw South Wales. As far as tho actual mileage goes, the dis tanco can be covered in the' following times by steamers running at from 18 to, 25 knots an hour : FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON. At 13,knots, 29 days 17 hours. At 50 knots, 20 days 18 hours. At 25 knots, 20 days 22 hours. Tho distance between tho two points is given in miles, but as 33 knots equal 38 miles, tho spaco to be covered is ra duced by 1750 miles when considered In knotB. Taking tho actual Journey to be j covered, wo find that tho . Lusitanla or Mauretania, each of which can travel at an AVERAGE SEA SPEED OP 25.85 AND 25.89 KNOTS respectively, would cover tho distance or 10,805 knots In about 20 days 7 hours. At 18 knots It is, roughly, 10 days' steam from Fremantlo to Colombo, and from tho latter port to Marseilles Jt is another 15 days ; that is, 25 days ovsr tho two long stretches. If, however, wo tako the last port of call in Australia, and tno flrst port on the Continent, connected by fast rail with London, wo flnd that a 25-knot boat would cover the distance in 13 days, leav ing a balance of seven days In which to make tho overland journoys from Sydney to Fremantle, and from Marseilles to Lionuon. At present tho journey by express from Marseilles to London, including tha cross-Channel trip, takes about 24 hours, so that, given a fast steamship service, exclusive of stoppages between Freman tlo and Marseilles, we have -six days in which to accomplish tho journey from ?S^dSpy to Fremantle. ; 'a jjst train service on an overland line fromvtllG Eastern States to Freman tlo wouldlTi^S us within FIFTEEN DAYS\ ACTUAL STEAMING TIME o'ftvLONDGN via Marseilles. ThoVateamInS time be tween Sydney and Fre^'tle without a stop would bo four daysMor..;.% 25-knot boat. 'If wo had a fast express iKnn i8W* vice, averaging 45 to^P miles an hour, the distance overland^vould be covered in less time, leavitjjfftwo days to tho good for the occanjiSrp. Tho ^reat^irfwjmbllng block In tho way of thoj'Hjea service Is tho expense in driving thei{§r express mall steamers, and, in our oSse, thero would be tho additional prob lem of providing sufficient coal to supply such a vessel over the flrst great stretch of water from Fremantle to Colombo. The Lousltanla consumes, in her 25-knot raco across the Atlantic, about 1000 tons of coal a day, whereas, in the case of an 18-knot vessel, the supply only amounts to about 150 tons per day. Hopeless as this makes the 25-knot servico appear, when we turn to. THE QUESTION OF OIL FUEL we find something which puts an alto gether different complexion on the ' mat ter. As a matter of fact, 1000 tons of oil fuel will do the work of 2000 tons of coal, and take up but half the space. In ad dition, it will givo an extra knot an hour to the vessel using it. This advantage in a journey extending over 500 hourB is a factor of considerable importance. 'Why, then, if oil fuel is so advanta geous, is it not used ?' tho expert, who gave this information,* was asked. \^*4 . tvaa iuu ic^iij, lua 4UV3UUU ID one that it is very difficult to answer. Conservation, in : the first place, accounts for tho slow progress made in this direc tion. Tho engineers, as a class, aro also opposed to It. Again, you havo to con Blder tho opposition which comes from these interested In coal mines. This, in itself, is a big obstacle to be surmounted by those who are advocating the use of oil fuel.' , 'How about the cost of the two fuels ?' ? 'Well, it all depends where you get it. In Java, or in that neighborhood, for in stance, oil fuel is choapor than coal. Hero in Sydney it is dearer ; but then we havo never gone into tho question of handling it in big lots.. If thero was tho same de mand hero for oil as- thero is for coal,, I think it would be nearly 'as cheap, 'and, of course', .' . MUCH MORE EFFICIENT.' There Is, howover, now in process of development a power which, when per-, footed, will render us free from the per plexities of steam engines, capable of driving tho Australian mall steamers at 25 to Z0 knots an. hour. That Is tho In ternal comDustion engine, wnicn nag niuclo ncrlal navigation possible, and with which, for tho uso- in sea-going 'vcssol's; the Admiralty has so - successfully ex perimented. Tho onglno, which yields 300 horse power in tho giant dirigible balloons to day, is capablo, of development, and It Is being perfected' rapidly. In tho -.plea for a. twoitfy-day servico between Sydney and London wo only havo tlio difficulty of providing for tjie storago of sufficient fuol. Tho expense, groat though it is, can bo borne by tho com munity if they havo from 10 to 15 days clipped 'off the tlmo occupied on tho Jour -'TIME IS MONEY' ? moro so to-dny than ever before, and It wo can. get twice tho efllcloncy from' 2000 tons of oil f fuel ' than wo cau from 2000 tons- of coal, it ;is ,-up to tho people, of Australia to find out why oil is not lis^d more generally as a timoand money-saver. If tho internal : combustion ongino. will glv,o groator .efficiency than either oil . or' coal, Australia must begin to learn some thing about it -.' '? ,i, .;.'j- '- ;iTo-day, /tho'-manwho leaves Sydney on January 1 in an ? lS-knot boat gets to London on . February 12— that lsi 43;daya, including stoppages. At tho ; other end ,ot tho world Xhoro aro over tyronttf'Steamo^' mEmmm. abo\UVl8.' ?;,???' ?;?'-?? :??????? 