 LONDON STREET ACCIDENTS. rival to sydney's red roll. action by home; secretary. ! 9 deaths in 12 days. "Nine deaths were caused by motor-omni buses in the streets ,of the .metropolis dur ing the first twelve days of this month," said Mr. M'Kenna, In the House of Commons. "Each case, ivill, bo. the subject of . a, coroner's InquesL and in the event of negligence be- ing proved criminal proceedings would' be taken against the person guilty of negli- , gence." The question arose as to whether the re latives of persons killed by motor-omnl- 'buses and tramway-cars should have the . benefit of an inquiry in addition to the coroner's Inquest, the suggestion being made by Mr. Kellaway. Mr. M'Kenna replied that all the circum stances ought to be brought out at the coro ner's Inquest. "But is it not a fact," urged Mr. Kella way, "that in a great many of these cases where the person killed was poor the de pendents were not able to be representeft5 by - counsel, while the motor-omnibus comprihldis always haye counsel present?" , Mr.- M;Kenna remarked that the coroner was there to protect the puDIie. - The Home Secretary further announced that for .offences connected with excess of speed or dangerous driving the prosecutions in the metropolitan police district In 1911 were: — Against drivers of motor cabs or omni buses .....; (893 Against drivers of other motor vehicles' 3,555 "The enforcement of the Motor-car Acts presents many difficulties, " he added, "but the whole question is engaging, my mpst careful. attention; and I am issuing instruc tions with a view to better differentiation between the more and the less -serious classes of offence, and to the more stringent enforcement of the section which deals with dangerous, reckless, or negligent driving. "Reckless driving at a crossing would certainly justify proceedings under that sec tion, but the evidence of the constable show ing that the driving was reckless Is often contradicted by the evidence of the driver or occupants of the car. Members of the public can give useful assistance by tender ing themselves as witnesses on such an oc casion." A suggestion that Government-owned cars fitted with speedometers should be en gaged to pursue and test the speed of vehicles suspected of excessive speed was not accepted by the Home Secretary, who 'de clared that such an experiment "would In evitably result in increasing the number of accidents." 