 LONDON TO SYDNEY. JOURNEY OF 21 DAYS. PROPOSED NEW SERVICE. ALL RED ROUTE. (United Service Special Cable.) LONDON, Monday Night. It Is reported that substantial pro gress has been made with a soltemo for tho establishment of an express mail servlco between Great Britain and Aus- tralasia, via Canada. Several British siiipownlng firms are Interested, and are- treating - with a Canadian syndicate for tho purchase of 4,000,000 acres on the south-east coast of Labrador, with an lee-free port. It is proposed to construct a trans-con- tlnental railway to the Pacific, and It Is claimed that the journey from Lon don to Winnipeg will be performed in, five days, and to Sydney In an addi tional sixteen days. Blacksod Buy, In Ireland, will be the headquarters of the service on this side of the Atlantic, connecting by means of a special railway with the main sys tem at Sllgo. u lie promoters of tne senemo nave arrived at Ottawa, to enlist the support of the Canadian Government. It Is stated that a bend for a guarantee of £3,000,000 will be asked- for. Mr Wynne, the Postmaster-General of the Commonwealth, said, on. being seen to-day regarding the above mes sage, that the proposal must be very much in the air at present, as lie had heard nothing official about it. Any such shortening, of the mall period be tween Australia and Great Britain would, of course, be welcomed it it could bo accomplished. In shipping circles 'in Melbourne nothing definite is known of the proposed scheme, which; if brought to a successful issue, will shorten the journey from London to Sydney, via Canada, by at least 12 duvs. . Travelling by tho existing Canadian-Australasian Royal Mall line takes from 33 to 35 days to roach Syd ney from London. One shipping re presentative pointed out that it would be necessary for the promoters to select a port-. wall south on the coast of La brador,' for the reason that the more northern ports are ice-bound for months In oacli year. A very fast class of steamer would also have to be utilised to do the run across from Blacksod Bay to the, Labrador coast, for the journey would have to bo accomplished In at least four days to permit of Winni peg boing reached - within- the stipulated five days. A 'similar class of boat would bo necessary to do the remainder of tlio trip to Sydney across the Pacific. ______________ 