 SWIFT 'OCEAN Y0YAGES. SAN FRANCISCO ROUTE. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 26 DAYS. OCEANIC COMPANY'S AMBITION. SYDNEY, Friday. An important change in its present time schedule between Sydney and San Fran cisco was announced by the Oceanic Steam ship Co. to-day. It will take effect on Otli June, the Sonoma being despatched on that date instead of on 30th May. After 6th June the company's steamers will de part every 26 days. The Oceanic company lays claim to the fastet mail time between Sydney and London, and hitherto has seldom failed to land mails in London within 29 days. This time has only been exceeded when the New York connection has happened to be a seven days' steamer. It was seen by the Oceanic company that by advanced sailings from Sydney by seven days on the present schedule a very fast through service to England would be made possible by connecting at New York with tiie express steamers of the Ciuiard, Ham- burg-Amerika. White Star and Nord- deutscher Lloyd lines. When arrangements with these lines were concluded, the Oceanic company submitted to the United States Government its revised time table, the sanction of which has now been ob tained. The present "through" time is now 29 days. This may bo cut down consider ably with the advent of the new steamers jf tlie company, which will be- capable of an .ocean speed of 29 knots, making tlie trip from Sydney to San Francisco, with stoppings, in about 161 days. The through trip to London shouid tlien be possible in about 20 days. Mr. V. A. Sprout, general manager of the company in Australia, ascertained that some few years ago the New Zealand Government proposed a scheme for an nil- red mail route via Canada, which, at an enormous expense to be shared by Great Britain, Canada and New Zealand, would have landed maiis in London in 25 days. Sir Joseph Ward ncld the view that the quickest route should carry the mails. The can Francisco route from. Sydney holds that position. It would appear now that in the near future it must spring auto matically into prominence with the advent, of the through service, carrying passengers and mails at an overage of 480 miles per day. The steamers of the Oceanic company are subsidised for the voyage from San Francisco to Sydney, but need not, even when capable of steaming 20 knots per hour, go to the expense of maintaining that speed between Sydney and San Francisco, as no subvention is made by the Federal Government in Australia. This is a ques tion which may interest the present Postmaster-Genera in its relation to the reduction of time between Australia and England, and as an auxiliary to tlie pre sent subsidised routes. 