 SYDNEY FIVE DAYS FROM LONDON. Mr. G. Holt Thomas recently read a unique. and interesting paper before the Aeronautical Society of- Great Bri tain. which created a stir, owing to its unconventional character. He attempt ed to picture what the aeroplane will do for the world after the war, when all the data and knowledge gained at tlie front is diverted into channels for the developing of the commercial aero plane. He considers conveyance by air a commercial proposition. Space will not permit of giving the- whole of Ml. Holt's interesting paper, but he is most insistant upon the safety of flying. He expressed a wish, in tho course of his paper, that he were at liberty to give the answors to the two following questions: — How many ma chines cross the Channel daily? How many machines fall into it He asks for acceptance of the point or .view that flying is loss dangerous' than many means of communication by land and sea. He points out that- a' wind of 39 miles an hour or more is recorded only 13 days in the year in the: south-east of England, and for only 24 hours on those days. At Holy- ' head, which is one of the worst in stances. tlio record is 24 days. Such a wind has practically no effect on a modem aeroplane. One. of Mr Thomas' proposed solutions for landing in fogs is to send up a small kite-balloon, car rying- "no passengers, to a height of, say, 1500ft., i.e., above the fog, in or der to indicate the location of a land ing ground. He examines the cost of renting lauding grounds at consider able length, for all parts of tho world, and in the latter portion of his paper points out that by tho aerial trans port, Ceylon becomes 2| days from London. Tokio 4i daySj Sydney 5 days, Oapo Town 3i days, Now York 2 days, Vancouver 3 days, etc. He forecasts a series of landing grounds from London to Tokio at 10- mile intervals, presumably reckoning iho sea as a good one all the time! Ho considers that aeroplanes have de veloped along entirely wrong lines so far, from a commercial point of view, for tho following reasons:— 1. Excessive climb demanded in a fighting machine, and power thrown away to obtain this. '2. Excessivo attention devoted to visibility, gun positions, etc. 3. Excessive strength for fighting manoeuvres, etc. In conclusion, he proceeds in regard to development of commercial designs, as under: — "The present unpleasant features of- an aeroplane, i.e., noise, oscillation,, cold, cramped positions are all due to war design, and can all be eliminated in a passenger-carrying aeroplane without reducing speed very much',, but only by sacrificing climb, visibility, guns, etc. In criticising the cost of running an aeroplane ser vice and comparing it with train ser vice or ships, one ought to consider how very unpractical and useless the first trains or ships were, and how ex ceedingly unpleasant travelling in them must have been. Passengers in the first train, I believe, were just as cramped as they are to-day in an aei-o- plane. The oscillation was greater, they were covered with smoke and cinders, and the speed was limited to the rate at which a man could walk in front with a bell. The early ships were equally unstable, and it was a very doubtful point- when a ship set out if it would arrive at its destina tion, if ever. Jf one reads any of the accounts of the early voyages one is struck by tho fact that very frequent ly they set out from a place and re turned six months later, haying met adverse weather, and it- was the cus tom to say Masses for anybody who thought of doing anything so hazard ous as going a sea voyage." 