 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS WHAT MAY BE ACCOMPLISH ED BY AEROPLANE rip ' ." ' * m A COMMERCIAL PROPOSITION (From the Dnnlop Rubber Co. of Australasia, Ltd.) A unique and interesting paper, recently read before the Aeronautical Society of Great Bi itain by Mr. G. Holfc Thomas, created quite a sfcir owing to its unconventional character. Mr. Thomas endeavonrs to picture What the aeroplane is going to do for the world after the war, when all the knowledge and data gained at the fiont is diverted into channels for the furthering of the commercial aeroplane. Mr. Thomas considers conveyance by air a commercial pro position for three principal reasons. 'It is faster than any other means of transport, it is safe, ana it is not too costly. Great emphasis was thrown 'on the fact that Paris was brought within 3 hours of London instead of .7, Rome within 12£ instead of 42, and either PetrogB&d or Constantin ople within a days journey. The run ning costs for such trips are stated to be-presumably inclusive only of petrol, oil, aud grease-carrying 1800 lbs. (including pilot aud fuel), 6£d per mile, carrying lOOOlbs. 5d per mile, carrying 4501bs. 2^d per mile. The cost of utility machines for this class of work, with a speed of 80 rn.p.h., is set down at £2500. Mi Thomas worked nut au income of a passenger service between Paris aud London and in the reverse direction for 80 m.p.h. and 2000 lbs. load (12 passengers.) He contends that a profit can be made on a charge of £5 per passenger per journey, but shows that an average of more than nine passengers per trip is n§cessary, on that basis, for financial success. He similarly calculates £t0 per passen ger between London and Marseilles, and £25 per passenger between Lon don and Constantinople. For such a service he places the. cost at 3d per mile, compared with a higher cost per mile for the larger and speedier type of machine. He is most insist ent upon the safety of flying. He expressed a, wish that he were at liberty to give the answers to the two ' following questions :-How many machines, cross the Channel daily ? How many machines fall into it ? He asks for acceptance of the point of view that flying is less dangerous than many means o.' com munication by land or sea. He points out that a wind of 39 miles an hour ?is recorded only 13'days in the year in the south-east of England and for only 42 hours . on those days. At Holyhead, which is one of the worst instances, the record is 24 days. Such a wind has practically no ef fect on a modern aeroplane. Oue of Mr Thomas' proposed solutioi s for landing in fogs is to send up a small kite-balloon, carrying no passengeis, to a height of, say 1500 feet, i.e., above the fog, in order to indicate the location of a landing ground. He examines'the cost of renting landing grounds at considerable leugth, aud ... pointed out that by aeiial transport^ Cevlon becomes 2f days from Loiw don, Tokio 4£ days, Sydney 5 days, Capetown 3^ days, New York 2 days, Vancouver 3 days. He forecasts a > series of landing grounds from Lon don to Tokio at 10 mile mtervals.He considers that aeroplanes have deve loped along entirely wrong lines so far from a commercial point of view, for the following reasons 1, Excessive climb demanded in a fighting machine and power thrown away to obtain this. ^ 2 Excessive attention devoted to 'disability, gun positions, etc. 3. Excessive strength for fighting .manoeuvres, etc. In conclusion, he proceeds, m re card to development' of commercial designs, as under-.-"The present nnpleasai-t features of an aeroplane i.e., noibe, oscillation, cold, craTPed positions, are all due to war des*n and can all be eliminated m a pas senger-carrying aeroplane without reducing spee^ very mack, bat only by sacrificing climb, visibility, guns, etc. In criticising the cost of rail Ding an aeroplane service and com paring it with train service or ships, oue ought to consider how very un practical and useless the first trains or ships ^ere, and how exceedingly unpleasant travelling in them mnst have been. P'isseugers in the first traiu, I believe, were just as cramp> ed aa they are to-day in an aero plane The oscillation was greater, they were covered with smoke and cinders, and the speed was limited to the rate at which a man could walk in front with a bell. The early ships were equally unstable, and it was a very doabtful point when a ship set out if it would arrive at its destina tion, If one reads any of the ac counts of the early voyages one is struck by the, fact that very fre quently they set out from a place and returned six months later, having met adverse weather, and it was the custom to say Masses for anybody who thought of doing anything haz ardous as going on a sea voyage." , 