 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS. WHAT MAY BE ACCOMPLISHED BY aeroplane. . A COMMERCIAL. PROPOSITION. (From tlie Dunlop Rubber Co. of Aus tralasia, Ltd.) A unique and interesting paper,, n cently read beforo the Aeronautical Society of Great Britain by Mr- G Holt Thomas, created quite a stii^ ow inir to its unconventional character. Mr Thomas endeavours to Picture what the aefoplane is going to do for the world after the war, when all the knowledge and data gained. a front is diverted Into channels the furthering of the commercial aero plane. Mr. Thomas considers con^ anceby air a commercial PropoB.Uon for three principal reasons. It is faster San any other means »r transport it is safe, and it is not too coatiy Ci e^ emphasis was thrown upon U e fact tliat Paris "was brought within 3 n_ u Of London instead of 7, Rome within 19V instead of 42, and either Petro grad or Constaninople within, a day s journey. The running costs Cor such trips are stated to he-presumably in clusive only of petrol, oil, and greaiae carrying 18001bs. (including pilot and fuel), G%d per mile, eamtag lOOQ bS; nd nor mile, carrying 4501bs. zrsd per mile. The cost of utility machines or this class of work, with a speed of SO m.p.h., is set down at S-oOO. * ? . Thomas worked out an income o passenger service between Parisi an London and in the reverse direction for 80 m.p.h. and 20001bs. load ( passengers.) He contends that a profit can be made on a cliargo of P passenger per journey, but shows that an average of more than nine pas sengers per trip is necessary, on that basis for financial success. He simi larly calculates £10 per Pa^enger between London and Marseilles and £25 per passenger between Lond°n and Constantinople. For such a se> - vice he places the cost at 3d per mile, compared with a higher cost per mile for the larger and speedier type ot machine. He is most insistent upon the safety of flying. He expressed a wish, in the course of his paper, that he were at liberty to give the answers to the two following 5uestions:-How many machines cross the Channel daily? How many machines fall into t. He asks for acceptance of the point of view (that flying is less danfer°" than many means of communicat on by land or sea. He points out that a wind of 391 miles an hour is recorded only 13 days in the year in the south east of England and for only 42 ^°u" on those days. At Holyhead which is one of the worst instances, the record is 24 days. Such a wind has practi cally no effect on a modern aeroplane. One of Mr. Thomas's proposed solu tions for landing in fogs is to send up a small kite-balloon, carrying no pas sengers, to a height of, say IdOO feet, i.e., above tlie fog, in order to indicate the location of a landing ground. He examines the cost of renting landing grounds at considerable length, for all parts of the world, and in the latter portion of his paper points out that by serial transport Ceylon 'becomes &lt;!% days from London. Tokio iVs days, ?.Urjy 5 days, Capetown 3% day-j, New York 2 days, Vancouver 3 days etc. He forecasts a series of landing grounds from London to Tokio at 10 mlile intervals, presumably reckoning the sea as a good one all the time. He considers that aeroplanes have deve loped along .entirely wrong lines so far from1 a commercial point of view, for the following reasons: 1. Excessive climb demanded in a fighting machine and power thrown away to obtain this. 2. Excessive attention devoted to visibility, gun positions, etc. 3. Excessive strength for fighting manoeuvres, etc. In conclusion, he proceeds, in re gard to development of commercial designs, as under:-"The present un pleasant features of an aeroplane, l.o., noise, oscillation, cold, cramped posi tions, are all due to war design, and can an ue enminmuu. m u iiaaacubci - carrying aeroplane without reducing speed very much, but only by sacrific ing climb, visibility, guns, etc. In criticising the cost of running an aeroplane service and comparing it with train service or ships, one ought [ to consider liow very unpractical and useless the first trains or ships were, and how exceedingly unpleasant tra velling in them must have been. Pas sengers in the frjst train, I believe, were just as cramped as they are to day in an aeroplane. The oscillation was greater, they were covered with smoke and cinders, and the speed was limited to the rate at which a man could walk in front with! a bell. The early ships were equally unstable, and it was a very doubtful point when a ship set out if it would arrive at its destination, if" ever. If one reads any of the accounts of the early voyages [ one is struck by the fact that very fre. I quently they set out from a place and returned six months later, having- met adverse weather, and it] was the cus tom to say Masses for anybody who thought of doing anything so hazard ous as going on a sea voyage." 