 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 5 DAYS. The-editor of the 'Aeroplane,' dis cussing aerial post-war development, states that a passenger service is imme diately practicable, bringing London within five days of Sydney, the route in cluding Paris, Marseilles, Rome, across the Adriatic, over .the Balkans, across Cyprus, Mesopotamia, Calcutta and the Malay Peninsula. There is nothing, he states, to prevent a voyage to-morrow if the Govt. cares to undertake the experi meat. Sir John Madden left estate valued at /29.082. J. F. Hanuan (official labor candidate) has been returned for Albert Park. He secured 5995 votes, Mr Cuthbertson .(Na tionalist) gaining 4154 and Lieut. Pic kett (Independent) 1248 votes. At the Esseudon Poultry show this week winning birds were shown by Fisher and Perry (Ararat) in ' Rocks,' aud the local Diugley Dell poultry yards were represented by prize takers in buff Orpingtons. In last week's 'Leader' photos of Messrs Fisher & Perry's and Dingley Dell birds (winners at Brighton show) appear. Tho Minister for ItaR'nce, SenatoV 1'earce, stales that the . enlist ments in the A.l.F. to April 30th 1918, totalled 396,437, and the em: barkations numbered 316,533.. The difference- in the totals w-as account ed foe by certain men proving nioii cally unlit, and by discharges for other reasons. .For some time past added tiie Minister, there had been very low desertions-. An enemy niino field has been dis covered ten' miles oil' shore to the noa-th of the extreme point of 1hc North Island, close to the route of vessels travelling -bouvee* iSydaey aqd Auckland. The locality is at the apex 01' a triangle based on Cape Aiaria van Dicanen on the west and North. Cape on the east. Two mines have already been destroyed, and it is reported that another has been found... The. search is being con tinued. r At the weekly stock markets at ..Terang the announcement that^ the Federal G overniiient had decided to lix the i«-ke oil- meat was received with consternation by . farmer* and dairymen. Business on . the market uas practically at a standstill. This had Uhe effect of causing all cattle values to have a sudden drop, of from £ii to £4 'per head. liopiesenUtives of wheat hand.ing firms on Wednesday urged the JM mis- ter for Agricultuie to make an early announcement as to the intention 01 the Government re the handling of the next harvest. Mr Oman said the matter was .unaer consideration. When the agents were appointed to any station no restrictions as iu U10 quantity receivable would operate. The 408th casualty list was made available by the Defence Department on Wednesday. Amongst the names of soldiers killed in action are:— L.- &nbsp; &nbsp; Cpl. Gray (Lexton,) Pte. R. J. Fra- ser (Horsham), Ptes. G-. W. Baker and H. A. Slater (Beaulort). Wound- ed — Pte. R. A. Hall (Dimboola), L.- Cpl. H. Jewell (Warrnambool), Capt. A. Jacka, V.C., M.C. (Wedderburn), Pte. W. Kennedy (Penshurst), Pte. H. A. M'Lean (Warrnambool). &nbsp; I in connection with the recent tliecit of letters from the mail bags at Bal larat, whi-jh- - were found slit open, a sensational development occurrod on Tuesday. Dotectne Kogorson is sued out a summons against H. \V. McDuli, a porter at -the Western sta tion. »A cheque for £10, despatched bj a. resident of A.rai-at on th0 day the robbery Look place, went afatiay. At tho Melbourne Supreme -Court on Wednesday 'Edward John Waller was charged on three counts with ou foiiees against Dorothy May K-ie Hon, a g-irl under the age of 16. He plea ded not guilty. Mr Guxiier, in open ing the case, said the girl was just over 10 at the time of the alleged ohenoe, and was the niece of the ac cused. Waller denied the accusation, and the girl a-u'imittcd 'having acted improperly with one ' man at Wai racknabcal and two at Stawell West.. Accused was discharged. ~ Henry Koyal, a musician, who left Maitl^md to w-aJk lo Tenterfield in January, 191'7, and was supposed to .nave died on the -way, 'returned to Maitland .(N.S.W.) this- week. Hu man remains found in a paddock nine miles from Singleton __ in July, 1917, were identified as his, because of the clothing,' and fiom the fact that with a swag found near the body was an old) - violin in a case, an'd also because a man answering the description' of Royal was seen in a lane near this paddock about the end of January. At -an inquest tne remains we concluded to We those of Boyal, -ami a finding was record ed that there was no evidence to show the cause ol death. i At the M.U.I.O.F. half-yearly couference at Stawell on Wednesday Bro. T. Impey (Ararat) wa9 one of the officers nominated for the ensuing term. Mrs M'Leod will be at home at the Town ,Hall with her spinning 'wheel, and there will be spinning competitions for ladies and gentlemen to aid the £ nzac Buffet fund, on Wednesday afternoon next, Pte J. E. Cracknell, son of Mr J. Crack- nell, of Rundell-street, has bsen invalided home from the front, and is expected in Ararat next week. Pte A. Millman arriv- ed back the other day and was warmly wel- comed by a number of friends. 