 AhKiAL MAILS SYDNEY TO LONUON IN TWELVE DAYS. Some time ago the Postmastcr Gcneral- poo-pooned the idea that atter the war- aeroplanes would bo used lor. the conveyance of mails in some .cases. ,',. '.' .: — .but the- use of aeroplanes as mail can 'iers'i is iilifceiy.Tiio ? become' ? exten- , siye \vlieni,the.;war.;;-is .i over.' 'There will, be for some:. years sa great ' 'short? . age : of- fast mail steamers, -and the aemancL for.; speedy.' ?, cominerqial . coin muhication t during,.the years of cou-; struclion :r will be insistent. An aero-' plane service . between this country and London would bring .'English coiniHunkations to. Austraka. in six lor seven days at the most, and that would mean enormously much to' a. tew milions of people in this Com monwealth. ' ' How is this, then, to be brought about. By the post office? It iS:not at all likely. But the post office will :? probably arrange carrying contracts wiih any company that establishes aerial routes of communication. Mr. Reginald Lloyd is in Australia now on just this business. He served during, -tlie early part of the war with the H.Q.C.D. in London, and he saw a good many air raid. Mr. Lloyd's route as suggested covers 10,210 miles of .-.flight distance, Sydney to London, and it follows a line that makes the necessary landing stations possible. The oniy great expanse is in the stage Cape York to Rangoon, and there are practical' laiiding-piaces right over. Nature has been preay good to.the.SLjieme. 'lhus, while iju uiatrc, with its piixipitous mountains, its huge jtingie tracts, and its great areas of swamp land, is unsuitable, Borneo does very well, and in Borneo there are great oil sources. There are no insuperable climculiics as to route, and tnc real difficulties are as tonishingly lew. The, whole distance can be covered at the outset comfort ably in twelve days, allowing for no night flying at all. When night fly ing is made generally practicable, you can halve it; 'but that cannot be tor a considerable time yet. What sort of air craft would be used? Probably big 'planes ? carrying two men, having a considerable weight and stowage capacity, and fit ted with a separate second engine for use in case of trouble. Such a ma dune, according to Mr. Lloyd, 'muBt reduce the lemaining risks to a mini mum, 'and such a machine is procur able even now.' ; Mr. Lloyd £ays that a company with an initial capital of £500,000 would be adequate for all purposes. He urges that enormously much ot the pre paratory work could be done, or set in hand, at once. He has it in view to go pyer the route to Cape Vork wdth a suiveyor and a mechanic or two directly he can find the time. 