 LONDON TO SYDNEY ( MAILS IN SEVEN DAYS | possibilities of Future QUICKER THAN THE CABLES | The flight of Captain Ross Smith and | his crew in their Vickors-Vimy ma- | clilno across hnlf tho world has reach- | ed a stage of intense interest. Will ho | rpnnVi r>n rwln within' the thirty days s necessary to fulfil tho conditions of tho | Commonwealth Government's prize of | £10,000? ' | He started from London on iNovem- | ber 12, and mnde half the distance, to | Delhi, in 18 days, on flvo of which ho | did not fly. Even on somfe of the days | on which ho did fly much time was | lost because of bad landing grounds, | and in ugh work was necessary to get | tho ground into condition for his next | take-off. He lost a day at Pisa, rested | two days at Basra, and was also two | days at Delhi. His average for all tho \ 19 days was 470 miles of flight a day. 1 His flying hour seems to cover about = 90 miles. So that his averago daily = flight would be about five hours. | WHEN ROUTE IS ORGANISED | Consideration of these facts and | iigures indicates that when this route | is properly organised, when fliers no I longer have to put up with bad aero- | dromes, when spares and petrol sup- | plies and mechanics are spread along = the way as thoy are in the garages on | the main roads of terrestrial traffic, | this tlmo 'will ' bo considerably cut | down. i The letters which Captain Ross i Smith cari'ies, if all goes well, will | reach their recipients in just about the s, time it would have taken them to come from London across the Atlantic or via Suez — 29 or 30 days. Cut out the Ave days lost through various causes, and Captain Ross Smith will have brought down the mail time to 24 or 25 days of actual travelling. j The men who come after him. in stead of flying five hours a day, will fly eight or ten. No sooner does a man set up the first record over a giv en distance than somebody Immedi ately cuts it down. Many will re member the first Melbourne to Syd- nnv nnn.ctnn mnf nv trin W TTnllftiV I and James.lt took them 25 hours.Other j motorists have out it down to less j than 15 hours. And so it will bo with j tho Australian flight. In a few years, it is safe to predict, the mails will reaeli Australia in seven days or so, i in machines which will fly over vast stretches of land, and sea, night and day. If they have to land there will be good landing places, where the I mud does not reach to the axles of the undercarriage. There will bo no bamboo roads to be built by coolies to get tho machines on to Arm ground for' their take-off. Relay organisation will cut out tho handicap of personal fatigue. RIVALLING THE CABLE Our cables, at present, take about five days in transit from London. In the recent times of hopeless conges tion they took as much as 14 or 15 days. It is perfectly within the bounds of possibility that those airmen who follow Captain Ross Smith in his great flight will bo able to deliver messages in Australia more quickly than the cable is doing it now. When Captain Ross Smith reached Sourabaya he had covered, roughly, about 9000 miles— map distance. At 90 miles an hour that means 100 hours of flight Were it possible to go on night and day, except for a few important landings for supplies of fuel, flying 20 hours a day instead of about Ave, that distance could have been covered in five days. That it will be so covered in the near future who can doubt? It is only a decade since Bleriot crossed the Straits of Dover, while all tho world wondered. Day by day new re cords are made, and month by month the petrol engine becomes more re liable. The engine of ten years hence may easily be to the Rolls Royce ma chines which drive the Vlckers-Vimy of Captain Ross Smith as these are to the little rotaray Gnome which carried Bleriot to his triumph. 