 Daring Air iSchemes -0- LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS.'' GRtEAT PROJECTS MOOTED. Why have I suddenly announced the :artine of a London-Paris air ser. s Xi.\ inar as I am concerned it is nt sudden, but naturally until . the ianinsr of the Arinistice nte have de -uted ourselves entirely to the war ss G. Ilolt Thomas in The Man chester Sunday Chronicle for Noven hlr 17). 1 very long time ago now, how ,.vr, I made arrangements with the f usipaL'ie Generale Transaerienne in Paris to organise the service fromn I':ris to London, and with the So i..ta Transuporta Acrei Internazionali in Italy. of which Prince Colonna is '-..idnt, with the object of continut in. on, when circumstances permit, the n:turol route from France to Italy. .Laln. an aerial service from Aber dkin to Stavanger is going to cut to :,n ,nUojraous extent the time occupied tronm England to Norway, and I)et nor ke Luitfartrcderi, with a very, inliut'ntial board of Norwegian direc tors. wa- formed a long time since to ,omtbine with nme in this service. In India, South Africa, Canada,.etc., ht.. ha made complete arrangements, i?.t of course. so fur as actual work in, is ctincirned these are. arrange i.rnts only until. the . Air 31inistet .ives- u permission to begin opera (c'I\AGEI) PL UIIC OPINION. IfThlir. is a er-v great dilierence in 'public opinion to-day as to the use i- airclait compared with ten years oai,. The military uses of aircraft , --,. pierf-'tl t apparent in those days, itr nbsh t "agreed, with nte. To-day I lind that it is not necessary to per iand. eninent bIusiness men that aerial r:nil, and transport are things which i:rav,? come to stay. and which will ,.nortmou-y assist themt in their busi l.s I tratnsaction. Ind.u.l, it is rather the opposite, :tld lthr i-. itf anytlhinL, too strong ian tlltllaisllt for aircraft: inaslnuchl as many pIople do nIt recognise that ,ry c- tlelll it and detailed organisa tion is rn.luirNl t'e make titorial ser ni,."" i success. 1. i tunte enthalit oun introduces the ,ird " cmt m ercial" quite at diferernt .tt.i'"t i -'given to llying. Long non -;ip lights across unknown country, tithiit landing tgrouunds and reserve i.-p.ols, reserve pilots, etc.. will not In. : -tuccess aits, like everything. else. ti. mnachine is bound to break down -n.'i daty. ntil the service must be I, I.ur.Id against breakdowns of any -,,tt s-aie that of being occasionally :,. ihrtli' soime minor cause. \,, un has fully appreciated, even ti.., " ,whou intend to use aircraft for ý,,&lt;i."s p1.1u'ptoses, tihe fact that aipart uini ain ieruiopl'-ltanle's slpeed compatredl .ith Iother iudes of transport, going a5 the crow flies-' aloneu. requiring n.ithir roads nor rails irom one l,-i-t to another, i a. think which has 1."-\-r vet been done consistently for .tmmiercial purposes. and when it is ,;,,n' tot bdief is that it will be a -volut i tin in mts of Ui-olunnttailua tion. ' •" IIAL.F-BtAIEl t S?m'1 lMES." Ifh.: o,-rani-ation. ri.,utiredl howeve.r,. - onorouts. i( in iftar, is that coin -an,- promoting in this line ofi usi tns?o will be rampanti. and that half hked schetmes may tend to discredit thi really sound schemes. I am quite certain that a inatil lie nt-i-,n I.dontl and Slvdney. taking itout lice dtllo, will lte an accolm ilished fact within a reasonable pe r;od. We till of us knou. that a ima ,hinv- can tiy irom 1.ondon to Paris. iut the warc- has proved that man r-hint-s t-ltn ti prti-attcally, in Soutfh .\Arica. India. M?topotamnia. Palestine. itc..t ;tnd the war itsel ius solved 'lti:an- problemst. i-nablin itile to spring from mautchines doing 60i miles ler hour c;rryin_ o~n' passenger to ,.mchin's doingr 1:01 wil'es an hour itapabhl of cartr ing a -itrigc number of l.:tssengLers." I ihatv not, of cour?., during the wiar Iisn allotted to talk of what the ,-,tchines designed by ('aptain 1). Un Silland for the Aircruiaft Manufactutring itttiflnny have done but I ste now allowed by the Air Ministry to state some details, and I can say. that we have practical machnies, carrying 1. tons, flying at about 130 miles an hour, practically the speed of a fast scout, and ivithin the last week 1 have seen a single-engine .weight-carrying. machine doing over 140 miles an hour. The development of aircraft, and what is so useful to us, the develop ment of the. engine owing to war re quirements, has been astounding. lne are flying to-day with 800-h.p. as com pared with 60-h.p. before the war, and the development has by no means ceased. 