 ' THE AIR AGE LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FIVE DAYS LONDON, January -1_Wo aro rush ina into tho air ago. You can hear iii: heat of the engines every ilny and ru'giii ill London, llefure long tho drone wi!, 1)8 an accustomed sound wherever mei dwell. Speed ll'light! tho messago tell of a wonderful iutiire. 'Free lise of tho freo air hy fm men. What prospects of travel, uf erne, panionship, of common sight, anil m. derstaiuling of one another aro i in- jured lip. Scores of t/ioieiiiids ul .?.cn, plaucs will bo in the air in 10 myriads in SC1. Gie.it rigid air-hips nil look down on tho slow ern lt of i'i sea, and prove th.it man has ti ¡amplíe again. Machines travel dai'* between Lon- don and Paris. Italy has institut«, tho firit aerial post. Egypt tn Illili, has teen flown. ËIMV!.II:&lt;1 tu .-ill.-!¡Mil. is planned. Britain and United Stair are in keenest rivalry in pi-odm-in. the first trans-Atlantic liver. The y. ai will bc rich in achievement. It promises, according to tho Britts i Civil Aviation Committee's repott, ti bring sixpcnce-a-mile passenger trairb rrgular servkci between the Lu cities of Eur»))?, espri'-s mails at K niilcs an hour fur '2 l-> un omite. Airshirs for I eng Di-tnlK, -. Aeropjams heat tho airships ¡it var They were ton slow and vulnerable foi fighting. But they are anning into . great future. Here Germany leads. Her _luttai Zeppelins outclass our latest, Nu. 'Jl wh'ich has a length nf 5-IOft. mid capa city of a million cubic feet. The ln-i Zeppelin handed over tu us can mon than doub'e that. Yet in this class of flying Britni makers arc going tu di great thliig Thcro are innre than a hundred Briu-i airships to-day. Most are very Maali more non-rigid gas-bags, with a Maa! car, holding engine and two people. They have been used as the eyes ni tie Hoot, especially in thc niiti-submiiriia campaign, and have won a permain m place in the navy for much of tho ivor previously dono by ei-iii-ri-s. Mm. important for iiimmercial living, lin i over, is the rigid typo. lt is this craft which will ostaliü-: tho great passenger services. By tin".' five-day voyages between Sydney atrl London will beconio a general I hin / With aeroplanes flights will alway, bo a series of short jumps, fruin laud- ing stago to landing stage, at eai-h oi which passengers will spend a night in a rest-house and change into rented clothing. In tho airship nindi of i!,. comfort, of au express train will 'e possible. Au airship cm borer up>,? beautiful scenery, carry baths and smoking rooms, proceed nt leisure): pace at a moderate height from -i- it v to city. Long Cruises. Tho- longest cruiso to dato ha* been that of a British airship, Ol hours. Din- ing tho war the navy's best was 'ri hours 55 minutes, done in per.-isten: chase of a submarine. Those figur - will ho easily outdone by the ni ne-' British tvne. which will have a a capacity of almost 2,"0,00O cullie fee a length of nearly 700ft., a dispn-abl' lift, for passengers' goods, bagfsr;' and so forth, of 50 tons, a full .speed , Í 71 miles an hour, a cruising range ,n 0'60 miles and a cruising endiiran.e m almost nine da vs. This tvpe is bein ; built. Another" holding 10,000.1 ft! fe« of gas and cruising for 10 (lavs, '. planned. Tt will lift 200 tons nf |.e > ¡de and goods. Tho prospects are without limit. I! fore to-dav's children are to-morrow' adults airships with roof cardons, willi non-inflammable gas, with nntranat: provisions for security, with capaci' ? to stay aloft while engines arc l i in..' repaired and good landing stages bein,: chosen, with speed of at. least n hun- dred miles and eapan'lv to buffel against gales and storms- these ar going to come. The busy little aero- planes, whirring their noisy way abm t tim globe at almost incredible speed, will bo the harbingers for ginifer era:' which will lift all mankind to tte ski«. What prospects of peace, of indus- try, of mior-foimminion between {}.?' ncoples of the world! Yet I wMi I bad confined myself in tiïis letler tu tho actualities of to-day, which av themselves mighty and ominous, and surely striking enough to ennvim" Australians that they must be up an I doing. j Austrn'ian fivers in France, Rei ginm and Palestine proved their. - Felves fit rompnnv for tho greate-: j on earth. Australian mechanics haw j with canal emphasis mrgle a glorimi- | naire for Australian aviation, is if | ton much lo hope that the energv | «nd foresight of tho Australian pun- | lie will makn Australian nvialiua j worthy of these glowing youths? 