 SYDNEY TO LONDON COMFORTABLY IN SIX DAYS. SIR ROSS SMITH'S CONFIDENCE. The aviators, in an interview, pointed out that "what we have accomplished as pioneers in 28 days will, in a short time, with ease and comfort, be accomplished within a week." "Here we have," they pointed out, "a machine of the most potent possibilities. It was built originally to drop, at once, a ton of the highest explosives the world has ever known, on Berlin. We don't know what would have been the effect of five such machines simultaneously delivering such a cargo at the same destination. It has never been done yet, but had it been done it is just probable that----well, there might not have been much Berlin left. "That, however, is but one aspect of the aviation problem. What is more important is that we have a machine with absolutely the latest and most powerful engines-six cylinders, each developing 360-b.p., and, work- ing together, capable of driving the machine at 110 m.p.h., or working separately at 70 m.p.h. The machine can be safely driven with either engine, and, under ordinary con- ditions, there is practically no danger of both engines giving way at the same time." This opinion was emphatically endorsed by the mechanics---Sergeants Bennett and Shiers. Sergeant Bennett said he had had experience of almost all kinds of engines, and he was equally satisfied that the Rolls-Royce "Eagle" is "an engine that will toke a lot of beat- ing," "But," said Sir Ross Smith, "the powerful- ness and durability of the machine is often lost sight of, and people are prone to imagine we have only done a freak exploit. That is not so. The machine as it is in Mascot to-day is practically as good as when it left London, and I would willingly start on the return journey to-morrow in it. The break in the engine was due, in a great measure, to our desire to hasten to Sydney. Ordinarily an aeroplane engine wants overhauling after 100 hours' flying. We had flown 136 hours when we reached Darwin. Portion of that was with a split propeller, due to a bird, having got caught in it. We thought it would have carried us through from Darwin to Sydney, but it gave out at Anthony's Lagoon, and there we mended it as best we could with station improvisations. That put an extra drag on the engine, and the connecting rod gave way under the strain at Charleville, and the rest you know. "But the experience we gained at Charle- ville convinces us that, in the near future, aeroplanes will not only be repaired but built in the leading engineering centres in Australia. The air age is coming, and Aus- tralia, of all places, simply cannot afford to keep out of it. The work done at Ipswich' was simply excellent, and is another link in that aerial chain that will eventually stretch from Sydney to London." "All that is wanted," both brothers agreed, "to make that venture a success, are enter- prise, organisation, and capital. The Vickers Vimy, as she stands to-day, can carry com- fortably 10 passengers or a ton of freight. On shorter journeys, where petrol for only an eight or 10 hours' flight had to be carried, the weight could safely be increased to 30 cwt., and a speed of 90 m.p.h. could be steadily maintained. The only uncertain element is the weather, but with the machine in per- fect condition, it would be exceedingly bad weather that would cause serious danger. "We thus have the three essentials of re- liability, power, and speed. All that is wanted to have a weekly service from Sydney to London, and vice-versa, are enterprise and organisation. We had to do our own or- ganising, in a great measure, on the way out, and had occasionally to go out of our way to reach suitable landing places and a petrol supply. But the regular service would be in a series of relays." Both aviators were reluctant to give an exact route to be followed, as a number of international questions were involved, and these were for the respective Governments to settle. But, assuming these were out of the way, they concurred, after some little dis- cussion that the following would be reason- able daily stages in the journey from Syd- ney to London, the flying to done by daylight only, and the passengers sleeping at the landing places. First day: Sydney to Darwin. Second day: Darwin to Singapore Third day: Singapore to Calcutta. Fourth day: Culcutta to Bagdad. Fifth day: Bagdad to Rome, Sixth day: Rome to London. "This," said they, "varies somewhat the route we took, but it is essentially the same. There would be, for instance, no necessity to make the extra 250 miles across the Medi- terranean to Cairo, but we did not know the political conditions at Damascus. Then again, Delhi could be cut out. All these are matters of future arrangement, but the timetable in the main stands, with a num- bor of intermediate landing stages in cases of emergency." "Such," said Sir Ross, "Is not an idle, fan- tastic dream, but is at the present moment within the range of possibility. Tho=e men and machines aro=e already available. All that is necessary is that they be mobilised and pressed into the service." "No," said Sir Ross, with emphasis, "there is no truth in the statement that I am about to engage on a round-the-world flight. It is only a cock-and-bull story, and I want it denied at once." The brothers also expressed their deep ap- preciation of the welcome the people of Syd- ney had given them. They did not expect any thing so tumultuous or enthusinastic. Re- garding their future plans, they expect that anything necessary to be done to the machine can be done at the Mascot aerodrome, and then, "possibly on Saturday morning, we shall start a non-stop flight from Mascot to Melbourne, first circling over Sydney." Sir Keith Smith's youthful smiling counten- ance belies the determination of character which one associates with the achievement in which he has taken part. And, like his brother, he is very modest about what they have accomplished. "I don't see why every- body should be making such a fuss about us, " he said in an interview on Saturday. "What we have done appears to us to be an ordinary sort of job, and we simply carried it through." "We set out to do the job, and we had to do it or 'bust,' " he added. "We had a lot of hard work, and we had a lot of fun. We haven't had much time to think about the trip, because of the time we've had since we landed. We appreciate very much the way we were received by the people of Sydney to- day." Of the work performed on the trip by the two mechanics, Sir Keith gave the highest praise. Like himself, they were not inclined to view their personal achievement as any- thing out of the ordinary. They were enthusi- astic about the repair work carried out at Ipswich. "The repaired portions of the en- gine worked beautifully." said Sergeant J. M. Bennett, "and the new propellor is acting perfectly. The job is as good as the original engine." Sergeant Bennett added that, from his ex- perience of the work turned out at Ipswich workshops, he was convinced that aeroplane engines could be made in Australia equal to those manufactured in any part of the world. 