 ?MM; mimi. 'PRACTICABILITY OF LONDON SYDNEY ROUTE. FEW DAYS TRIP. SCHEME THAT WOULD COST £200,000 A YEAR, Mr. G. Holt Thomàs in the follow'-5 iv.s article shows that an aeroplane service from London to Sydney is practicable and discusses the condi- tions. ' - Let us assume, with the experience of the London-Paris route, writes Mr. Thomas in the London ."Times," that it, is possible to repeat this stage, of about 250 miles, 40 times over, which - will take us, say, to Australia, a dist- ance. of. 10,000 miles. The difficulty, will certainly not be greater than be tween.''Loudon' and - Paris, owing " to the vagaries of our climate. The cost of running an aeroplane, owing, to improvement in engines, improvement in design, and especially perhaps the devotion of design to the commercial rather than the warlike aspect, is being daily reduced. For easy calculation let us make' the cost '4s per ton-mile. Assuming Australia to be 10,000 miles from this country, with, this cost in our minds (although I may say that an eminently practical authority has said this should be 2/6, which makes an enormous difference) we câii now regard the practicability of an Imperial air mail. It must not he assumed that an air mail traversing the Empire is simply 'going to be a direct conveyance- be- tween London, and Sydney, any more than :.. railway line to-day gpes direct from London to Glasgow. Both meth- ods ? of transport traverse populated areas and pass through many towns.-' An air mail, for instance) to Sydney, would start on its journey by convey- ing a' large amount to Paria, centres in France, Italy, &c. Sir Ross- Smith, who safely arrived in Australia, with the most meagre organisation, has -already blazed the trail, passing through France, Italy.-Cairo, Damas- cus, Karachi, Delhi, Calcutta, Ran- goon, Singapore, and-so on, to Aus- tralia. The air mail to Australia would naturally bc dropping mail bags, all along its.route, to'be conveyed by other triode's of transport, or perhaps even by Abort subsidary air lines, to all . centres of population along thc route. .. One must assume on such a great air route as I have outlined,the sav- ing'of days in thc mails to such' places ott ' thc ? route. as Bombay, Ceylon, Hotis-Kong, ' and the hundreus -of business «entres with which we, as iintisii, have large interests, and which from the "aeroplane" point of view must, almost be called "adja- cent"; fd tlië . route. At 100 miles an hour, which we know is possible.of accomplishment, an air mail leaving LcndOn at 8 a.m. on Monday would arrive tn Paris at 10.20 a.m. Mon- day.. Cairo / a.m. Tuesday, Calcutta 6.45 p.m. Wednesday, and . Sydney i'2.45 p.m. on Saturday. At the same/ rate a diversion from- Cairo to Cape Town woulds enable mail nags which left London :>.t 8 a.m.' on Monday to be delivered in Cape Town at 5 a.m. on Thursday, Mo one, I think, could possibly decry the enormous advantages to British trade.and to the British Empire if such a scheine were possible. I can only say that such a scheme, on all the evidence which one can procure from pilots who have flown all over the world, is perfectly possible to-day. COST OF RUNNING. Going back ta our previous high estimate of 4s. a ton-mile, we arrive at the fact that 10,000 miles cos» ¿2, 000, and at the amazing fact that an aeroplane running once a week each way throughout this gaeat route would only cost ¿4,000 per week, or ¿200,000 per year, the same amount which thc Treasury had already al- loted ' to the cross-Channel air ser- vices. On . these figures a, pound (weight) would cost to traverse the whole route the som of £1/2/6, qt at tue fpst Office average of 35 letters to the lb., the small sum of 8d per letter,' such letter containing auto- graphed and authentic '.communica- tions, and thousands of words, where- as the cost is only à fraction of that charged for one word in a cable. This, however, is , for the extreme limit of the route, and, taking India as half-way, the prices 'would only be half this amount-viz., 4d. per let- ter. ? . [Mr. Holt Thomas in a later com- munication'quotes the authority of Sir Henry White Smith for the cal- culation that the estimated cost of running may safely be reduced to 3s ld per ton mile". "Taking the* figure roughly as 3s. a mile, there is a 25 per cent reduction in all the calcula- tions-that is to say, the annual cost of a weekly mail each way to Austra- lia is reduced to ¿150,000 per annum, the cost of a letter to Australia to 6d. and a letter to India to 3d."] ¿200,000 A YEAR. My object ia writing this article is not ia .any way to assert that ' thc Íimposition is perfectly easy, perfect y simple, and should be carried out at once. I appreciate all thc difficul- ties," but the object I have in View is to make a case for the' most serious consideration by this country and 'all the oversea Dominions us to whether an Imperial air mail is not a sub- ject which may be (as in my opinion it should be) one of the most pres- sing questions for decision. I feel that to bring India, Australia, &c., Within a tew days of London must be of vital importance to the Empire as a whole,, and even in these days of urgent eco- nomy and the necessity for cutting off 'every expense. I feel that even if the business men in the various parts of thc Empire traversed the sum of £200,000 a.year would be well expend- ed in such an organisation..As a mat- ter bf fact it is a certainty that the oversea Dominions would make large7' contributions to costs, and with the enormous sum already devoted to thc -cross-Channel services by the Trea-» sury-namely, ¿200,000 a year-noth- ing further would be necessary.^ The capital, even in these strenuous times, would he forthcoming at once for an Imperial ideal, as readily, indeed-even more "readily, if that were possible, than thc capital of one million so generously and practically provided hy eminent financiers of the City of London for a national corporation to run and keep going thc cross Channel air express. 