 SYDNEY TO LONDON BY AIRSHIR WEEKLY SERVICE; TWELVE DAYS ON VOYAGE What This Will Mean in the Development of Australia BY SIR KEITH SMITH, K.6.E, '(Specially Written fop the Sunday Tl mes.) ? 'Sir'Ketth Smith, K.B.E., who, with his late brother, Sir- Rosa .Smith, : accomplished the. first magnificent flight by aeroplane from ?' Britain -to Australia, Is now associating himself with the great pro , Ject. of establshlng a regular airship route between Sidney and .London. ; v (n the first;. Instance, It Is thought practicable to make the 12,000 'miles , of voyage in 12 days. It Is within the bounds of probability * that tA/l+hln mm ttniA +h* +lm« rtf +hn Lnnrinn.SvririAV tnttpn^u ? will he reduced to elght:days. The article which follows was forwarded by Sir Keith Smith after beginning his voyage to Asia, which he Is visiting en route to London. S.S. ST. ALBANS, Sept 16.— A week, or two ago at lunch I promised Oscar. Asche that one of these days we would pick up him and his company, camels and all, and carry them to London in eight days. It wasn't just a joke, and it wasn't just a boast To go from London to Sydney in eight days of straight running is really a practical job, though it might not be managed at once. Twelve days is the time mapped out for the voyage in the. scheme which is now in formation. My present work is to go to China and Japan on the way back to Londrn, ind see whether those countries would be interested in branch lin-o - '. tended from the route between Britain and India, or taking off from the com plete 'main road' between Britain and Australia, which will certainly have a station at Singapore. It would be the easiest thing in the world to have an offshoot in the airship ,ervice, going from Singapore to Hong .ong and thence to Tokio, or else follow .ng a land route through the northern ^art of China. The distances offer no ifficulties. A splendid tiling would be to get every body in Australia thinking about this ..chemc, and putting the weight of their upport behind it. With proper help and enthusiasm, nothing in the way of airship traffic is impossible. The war, .Wicn all nations were pushed by the ne cessity of saving their existence, showed hat aviation could advance in three years is far as it might have moved in fifty /ears of ordinary development. If we mid be as active in peace as we were in war, tiie cross-the-world route would immediately be a fact. This would be a magnificent benefit to Australia. The only thing wrong with our country is that we are such a long way off from the big life of Europe. Con sequently we lose touch; our development is slower; people in other countries don't hear enough about us; and our popula tion doesn't grow as it should. As things are, men and women cannot visit Europe from Australia, and can not visit Australia from Europe, unless i ! they have nearly six months of leisure OI holiday. Not one person in five thou* sand ever gets that much spare time fronj the ordinary business of life. But nearly everybody, at some time or other, has from six weeks to two months of spare time. The new form of travelling will mak« it possible for any Australian, who haJ saved up a lump of holiday money,, to go to Europe at least once in his life* time. I need not remind any business houset how much oftener they could 6end theil department managers abroad, if they had to spare them only for seven or eight weeks, instead of'four or five months. If would all bo for the good of Australians and. all would help the development ol Australia and of Australian commerce. We feel positive that the airship routS between Britain and India will be estab* lished within eighteen months or two years. That being so, it would be a -alamity to Australia if we stayed outsider and were content to be regarded as still 'out of the world.' A very quick and easy extension from from India would be carried out to Aus. tralia via Rangoon (in Burmah), Singa pore (on the Malay Peninsula), Java, and Darwin, with a. final overland staga from Darwin to Sydney. If aeroplanes could do it with a practically unmapped route, and no establishment of stations, etc., it is plainly a simple enough mat' ter for a fully organised air service. Nobody can feel any doubt that if Aus* tralia were included in a great scheme of world-travel of this kind, there -would spring up at once the necessary subsidiary air services within Australia itself. From Sydney to Perth, at present, is a matter of eight to ten days' journey. It could easily be made two or three days; and then a single week would suffice for ait important business visit from east to west of tho Australian continent. Bris bane and Perth can be made practically almost as close to each other as Sydney and Melbourne are at present. The Dutch Government is very in terested in the proposal that Java shall be a station between India and Australia, (CONTINUED ON PAGE Si, , SYDNEY TO LONDON BY AIR (CONTINUED FROJJ PAGE 1.) and has promised every facility and sup port. It will, of course, be a great thing for Java to be placed right on the track of a great v/orld-route of the newest kind. Help is almost certain to come from Japan, where I have to ask the authori ties to link up with the main route at S^igapore. Australians can help the whole scheme by showing a favorable opinion to it, and so securing the support of the Common wealth Government. Mr. Hughes has shown himself much interested, and his hands could be strengthened. It would be fine if Australian newspapers, public bodies, political organisations, Chambers of Commerce and Manufactures, and so on, would put their minds into schemcs of this kind and have them turned into facts. Anyway, I believe that in 1923 or 1924 at latest, a big British airship will be found landing in Australia, to prove finally that the air-route onljNsneeds try ing to be proved possible. The business and financial arrange ment of the undertaking is not my pidgin. I know more about the flying side of it, and happen to have covered the air route with my brother in our flight. The business side, however, was explained by me before I left Sydney. I hope your paper will join with the' rest of the Australian Press in giving, a lift to this kind of enterprise. It will mean tremendous good to Australia if we can be brought three times nearer to London than we are now. [It was explained by Sir Keith Smith, while he was in Sydney, that a big com pany was to be formed, with *£4,000,000 total capita], in which various Govern ments (British, Indian, and Australian) were to be asked to share. The company proposed to guarantee 6 per cent, on £1,000,000 of share capital, and 4£ p.c. on £3,000,000 of debenture capital. I A subsidy of £91,000 a year is asked from the British Government, £40,000 from the Government of India, 'and £40,000 from the Government of- Aus tralia. The British Government is offering air ships and' airship material and bases, with wireless^ and meteorological servieea Ex isting airships are to be available for the experimental voyages, and early in 1923 a British airship is expected to under take the voyage to India, probably con tinuing the journey to Australia. ' A tentative proposal is- that when the route is established ships will travel on a weekly service to and from Australia, and on a bi-weekly scrvice between Britain and India.] - 