 AIR SERVICE TO LONDON. TWELVE DAYS FROM SYDNEY, One of the. large British war air ships will probably vlsit Australla next year, and by 1921 it is expecte. to have a weekly airship service from Sydney to London the joutne occupy ing about 12 days. This statement was made by Sir Keith Smith during his recent visit to Sydney. Sir Kelth said that accord ing to the cable advices he lhe re ceived from London tile British and Indian Governments had agreed to support the scheme being organiseli by private capitalists and companies in England, and all that now rem~ain ed to ensure that Australia would be included in the aerial atrvdCes was the support of the Fede ral Government (says the "Sydney Morning Itert-rd"). "I hae~ar said Sir Keith Smith, 'placed all the facts at my disposal before the Prime Minister, who is keenly (sterested in the latest prose sal for an Impcrlal air servict.. A PRIVATE COMPANY, According to information eupplied by Sir Keith ,Smlth a private com pany, on which there will be represerl tatives of the paticipattng Govern. ente, is being formed with a copS tal of £4,000,000, of which £1,000,000 is to be in ordinary shares, on which dividend free of income tax at tho rate of 6 per cent. per -nnum is to be guaranteed for 10 years. The re naining £3,000,000 is to be in deben turea on which interest at the rato of di per cent. per annum is to be pGUa anteed until redemptlion. The Governmcnto participating are not to ha asked for any capital sub sidy other than as annual contribu tion to pay the guaranteed interest o. the ordinary shares and debentures for 10 years. The amotnts ha\ve been fixed al £91,000 per annlm for the British Governa?ent anld £.40,000 per annum each flnom tile Indian ad Aus tralian Governments. Sir Keith Smith ears that his cable advices show tthat the B3rlish and Indian Governmente hlave aupproved of those financial pro Iose.ls, the first contribution to be 11. Icespct of 1921. IORITISH CO-OPERATION. In addition, the British Government is plarimtg unreservedly at the dispotal of tbe company nIl the airships nnd airslhip material and bases now under Goverlmlent control, and naill also supply free of cost wireless telegraphy and meteorological services. "The pro senat alrshblpe are," said Sir Keith, "':to be used for the purposoes of experiment over £he proposed London and Sydney route, whlch it is expected will include the following bases:--London, Cairo, Delhi or Calcutta, Rangoon. Singapore, Jaoa. l':win, and Sydney. This will be practically n All-Red Route, hbut there wil probabyl bIe extension,. IHongkong and Jalpan. 1 am returni." to London via China tnd Japan, and. w'lll discuss the matter wvitlh the uII thorlties in these countries. I have been assured that the Nethlerlandi' Government will give every possible facilit, int J:a?, andl it Is exp?c0tej that Japan will also take a practical interest Il1 the scheme for a branch service Ifrom Singalpore, vial. Hong2 Ikollg to Toklio. "'Early next yxcr one of the large hriLish airships will, it is expectrd, be need by a trained stlff for aon inves tigatixn of txhe roulc to Ilnod and Astratia, for the itlxrpose of tscting the efforts of the tropi.'tl beat and air currents on the gons in the airshin, ahd for pollecting other data. Ttle preesnt proposatl coln),rie n bl weekly servies to Indin, and a weekly servire to Australia. The In dian ,ervice, ii is expected, will be started in 1924, and the Australian services the following year.ansuming that the 'ederal (Golernment agree: to papticipate." 