 LONDON TO SYDNEY EIGHT DAYS, SAYS COBHAM SOON BE POSSIBLE CIVIC RECEPTION AT SYDNEY SYDNEY. Thursday. "We have been a nation of seamen; we will be a nation of aviators," said Capt. Alan Cobliam at a civic recep tion at the Sydney Town Hall toTday. He said there was no reason why travel between London and Sydney should not be possible in eight days. "Don't loolc upon' aviation as a purely commercial enterprise," lie said. "It is an instrument for the development of. Australia and of the Empire. - This flight of mine is no stunt. T(o my mind the greatest performance ever put up was by Sir Koss and Sir Keith Smith." (Cheers.) Capt. Cobliam outlined the various flights which he had undertaken, and said that he hoped to see an aeroplane service operating in the near future between Cairo and Cen tral Africa and London. / Relating the circumstances and the pre parations leading to the present flight he said that at the last moment when the ques tion of finances was problematical Sit Charles Wakefield, who had been called the "guardian angel' of aviation," stepped in and told him not. to. wor.ry" about the money part of the affair, but to go right ahead. It. was the original intention, said Capt.. Cobliam, that the flight should be ' under taken in an aeroplane. He pressed, however, for a seaplane, and although he had never flown a machine of this type until two days before the flight, he was quite .convinced of their practicability. "I hope to come.to Australia again," he said, "and if I should a.rriye in a year or two at Mascot and there is nobody there to meet mer, I shall know that everything is all right in aviation, and that the arrival of a 'plane from England is an everyday occur rence." The Minister for Health (Mr. Cann) pro posed the toast of Capt. Cobliam's health. Sir Keith Smith, was also included in the list of speakers. Capt. Cobliam and Scrgt. Ward were en tertained liy the Commercial Travellers' Association to-dav. TJenlying to. the toast of his health. Capt. Cobliam, said'they must, keep pace with the times, arid one thing that, was goiug to enable them to do 'that was the development, of aviation. .Aviation could .be made aa-safo an any other form of transport. 