 I ' IN 28 DAYS. ! AMBITIOUS PROJECT. . o SYDNEY TO LONDON AND BACK. SYDNEY, October 28. ?It is the intention of the pro- moters of the flight from Sydney to London and back within 28 days to leave Richmond aerodrome in the I "Spirit of Australia" on Tuesday morning at dawn. Flying Officer Owen, of Point Cook, will accompany Flying Officer R. Moir 1 (pilot) and Mr. Frank Hurley (navi- gator, wireless operator, and photo- grapher) as relief pilot and mechanic. There was an alteration in the arrangements for the flight during the week-end. It had been proposed to depart on the 25,000 miles journey at daylight to-day, but the radio generator was not functioning satis- factory, and minor mechanical adjust- ments had also to be made. The out- standing feature of the flight is that no risks are to be taken by the air- men, who are utilising a Ryan mono- plane, similar to the machine which Colonel Lindbergh piloted single ' handed across the Atlantic. The engine is a later model, however, graded at 220 horse-power, and makes 1600 revolutions per minute. The petrol consumption is 10 miles to the gallon, while the storage capacity has been in- creased by means of an extra tank to 350 galions, which will give an aerial range of 3500 miles. It is a land machine ot an air endurance of from 20 to 24 hours. The ground organisa- tion has been completed, and the Shell Company has laid down petrol and oil supplies at aerodromes approximately 500 miles apart for the wnole stage of the lengthy journey. A radio trans- mitting and receiving apparatus has been installed in the machine, and continuous communication with either Australian or London stations is likely throughout the entire journey. - F.ylng Officer Moir said to-night that a start probably would be made at daybreak on Tuesday. "Everything Is now in order," he said, "but we pro- pose to make minor adjustments to the machine to-morrow, and thus be m readiness for taking the air on the following morning." He added that Flying Officer Owen, of Point Cook, would participate in the flight. It was stated to-night that the route of the flight would be as follows:-Sydney to Oodnadatta, 1100 miies; Oodnadatta to Wyndham, 1100 miles; Wyndham to Andir, 1500 miles; Andir to Victoria Point, 1500 miles; Victoria Point to Calcutta, 1350; Calcutta to Karachi, 1300 miles; Karachi to Ramleh, 1200 miies; Ramleh to Rome, 1650 miles; Rome to London, 1250 miles. This dis- tance, it is hoped, will be accom- plished in nine or 10 days. Four or five days will be spent in London. 