 ! AMBITIOUS AIRMEN CAPT. TOILETS PRUECTED fUCIÏ Sydney t» UBÍM mi Back m 28 D«ys * From Sydney to London in ten days, and Sydney to London and back in 2S cays, is the objective of the' night of Captain Frank Hurley and" "Flying Officer Moir in the Ryan monoplane Spirit of Australia. The christening of the monoplane took place at the Bichmond Aerodrome during the wk. The flight will be made in nine hops -from Sydney to Wyndham, ^2113 miles; Wyndham to Amdir (Java). 1600 miles; Amdir to Victoria Point, 1514 miles; Victoria Point to Calcutta, 1345 miles; Calcutta to Karachi, 1330 miles; Karachi, to Bashire, lill miles; Bush ire to Ramleh, 1150 mués';'Ram- leh to Rome, 16E0 miles; and Rome to London, 1250 miles. It is possible that the last two stages will he covered in a single flight, but this wai depend on the local weather conditions, which cannot be determined until later. The object of the flight ls to the ad- vantages of commercial aviation and the possibility of the plane for im- proving communications between Eng- land and Australia, lt is also hopa.1 that the appearance of the Ryan mon- oplane in England will awaken manu . facturera there to-a realisation of the long-flying type' 'of plane required in Australia. \ It is stated that the best BrltUh. plane offering "has an air radius of only 900 miles, whereas the Byan can cover over 3000 non-stop. The Spirit -of Australia, is a Byan monoplane, built on the same modelai the machine in which Colonel Lind- bergh flew across the Atlantic, and the engine is a later model, with greater power. It is graded at 220 h.p., anl makes 1600 revolutions a mínate. Tho petrol consumption is 10 miles to the gallon. The storage capacity has been increased by sn additional tank to 350 gallons, which will give ah aerial range of 3500 miles. It cost £3700. The ground organisation has been completed, and oil and petrol supplies have been laid down at aerodromes ap- proximately 500 miles apart for the whole journey. Wireless transmitting and receiving apparatus is being in- stalled in the machine, and it is hopi J that the aviators will be in constant communication with Australia or Lon- don for the whole of the flight. It is boped to begin the flight early next week. Trial flights were held last week, and they were entirely satisfac- tory. After exhaustive trials of ll of the fast fighting types of planes, the Air Ministry has placed an order for a fleet of all-metal Bristol Bulldog single-seater fighters, equipped with ecginss of 500 h.p. It is claimed that mese are the fastest type of fighters in the world. An order has ben placed with the Westland Aircraft Works for 26 West- land Wapiti two-seater general pur ¡ poses biplanes, fitted with Bristol Jupier 485 h.p. engines for the Aus- tralian Air Force. Delivery is to be made early next year. The German trans-Atlantic i fiver. Baron von Huenefeld, who is making a flight from Berlin to Tokio, landed at Shanghai last week. He is flying in the Europa, a sister plane to the Bre- men, in which he crosed the Atlantic, and is accompanied by Charles Linder (a Swedish pilot) and a German me- chanic 