 SYDNEY-LONDON RIGHT. RETURN TRIP IN 28 DAYS. Captain Hurley's Project. SYDNEY; Oct. 15.— From Sydney to London in ten days, and Sydney to Lon don and back in 28, days, is theobjective of the flight which Captain Frank Hurley and Flying Officer Moir will make m tne ±tyan monoplane Spirit* of Australia at an early date. The christening of the monoplane took place at the Richmond Aerodrome to day, and a luncheon in honour of the oc casion was afterwards held at the Royal Hotel, Richmond. 3Jr. T.'E. Rofe, who purchased the machine, said that he invested in it some of the money he had obtained from the Syd ney City Council for the resumption of his property in Macquarie-street. Sir James Murdoch, JI.Ii.C-, who is as sisting- in the financing 'of the flight, said that he was interested because he desired to see an improvement in the system of. communication between England and Aus tralia. Be believed that the best means of doing this was by commercial aviation. He advised the pilot (Flying Officer Moir) not to aim at any ' mock heroics in his en deavour to make a record flight to London, but to be careful and cautious, as by these methods the cause of aviation would be best served. Flying Officer Moir said that he would show the canniricss of a Scot and take all necessary precautions. He would make no promises before he 'left, but he hoped that they would be able to talk about some thing accomplished when they- came back. Captain Hurley expressed regret that he had had to go to America for the machine for the flight, but the fact was that there was no suitable British machine available. When he asked a British firm for a machine with an aerial capacity of 2,000 miles, he was laughed 'at. The best that cou'd be offered in Britain was a machine for £8,000 with an aerial capacity, of 900 miles. He was hopeful that when the British manufacturers saw this machine in. England, and realised that what was want ed _ in Australia was a machine capable of flying from one side of the continent to the other, they would begin to build aeroplanes and seaplanes to meet Australian require ments. The Spirit of Australia cost £3.700 and had a raase of more than 2.000 miles. Mr. W. A. Holman said that the .senti mental advantages of quick communication between England and Australia were incal culable in the matter of migration. Canada got the best from Britain because the people knew, that the distance was not more than eieht or. ten days and they had a knowledge of persons who went to Canada and did well and retumpd home on a visit. In the ease of Australia, they thought of relatives or acquaintances go ing out as if on a journey of exploration to an unknown conntry. . They ? knew of many people who left Great Britain, but of very few who returned. Even the visit of the Big Four showed that Australia was an unknown country to many people in Great Britain.' These commercial mag nates were out to explore Australia m much the same spirit as that which a missionary went out on an exploration through a cannibal country. That feeling would be removed if Australians of the present generation were able .to make quick and frequent visits, to Britain. Capacity of Machine. The Spirit of Australia is a Ryan mono plane, built on the same model as the machine in which Colonel Lindbergh flew across' the Atlantic, and the engine is % later , model, with greater power. It is graded at 220 h.p., and makes 1,600 revolu tions a minute. The petrol consumption is ten miles, to the gallon. The storage capacity has been increased by an addi tional tank to 350 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. The route to be followed will, in the main, bp *'iat taken by Sir Alan Cobham and Mr. i Hinkler, but it is proposed to make fewd night stops than either of those aviators. It is estimated that the aerial distance to be covered is 12,000 miles, and it is ex pected that on some days 2,000 miles will be covered. Flying Officer Moir said that by doing 1,200 miles a day, or about 12 hourc flying, it would be possible to make the journey from Richmond (X.S.W.) to Croy don (England) inside ten' days. The ground organisation has been com pleted, and oil and petrol supplies have been ..laid down at aerodromes approxi mately 500 miles apart for the whole jour ney. Wireless transmitting and receiving apparatus is being installed in the ma chine, and it is hoped that the aviators will be in constant communication with Australia or London for the whole of the flight. It is hoped to begin the flight early next week. Trial flights to-day were en tirely satisfactory. ? Flying OfHcer Moir, who has been grant ed a month's leave for the flight, had active service experience with Xo. 3 Squad ron of the Australian Flying Corps in France, and has since been attached to the Citizen Air Force at Richmond. 