 SYDNEY-LONDON RlCHT. RETURN TRIP IN 28 DA^S. ;?- Take Of f To-morrow. SYDNEY, Oct. 2S.— It is. the 'intention of the promoters of the flight from Syd ney to,London and back within -28 days to leave the 'Richmond aerodrome in' the Spirit of Australia ,on Tuesday morning at dawn- Flying Officer Owen, of - Point Cook, will accompany Flying Officer Moir (Pilot) and Contain Frank Hurley (navi gator, wireless- operator, .and photo grupher); as relief prlot arid mechanic. There was an alteration in the arranger ments for the .flight during the week-end. It had 'been proposed to -depart on the 26.000. miles journey, at ^daylight .to-day, but the radio generator was not function ing satisfactorily and minor mechanical adjustments had also to be made-' The outstanding . feature of the flight is that.no risks are to- be taken by. the airmen, who are utilising a Ryan mono plane similar to the machine which Co lonel- Liugbergb piloted single-handed across tlie Atlantic. The engine is a later model, however, graded at 220 horse power and 'makes* 1.600 revolutions, a' minute. The petrol consumption is 10 miles to'the gallon; while the storage capacity has been increased by means of an extra tank .to 350 ealloriB which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. .It is a land machine with an air endurance of from 20 16 24 hours. The ground organisation has. been completed and the Shell. Company ' \ has laid- down petrol and oil supplies at aero dromes approximately 500 miles apart for - the whole journey. A .radio transmitting and^ receiving apparatus has been install ed in the machine and continuous com munication 'with either Australian or London stations is likely throughout- the entire journey. ' - . ? j Flying Officer Moir said to-night phat a start~ would probably be made at day break on Tuesday.. Everything ? was now in' order, but it was proposed to make minor adjustments to the machine to-mor-r row and thus be. in readiness for taking the. nir on the follcwiirg morning: It waR- stated to-night that the route*' of the' flight would be vis follows: — Syd- ney to Ondnadatta, 1.100 miles:. Ood'na- , dntta to W--ndhnm. 1.100 miles; Wyn dhnm to Andir. T.500 miles: Andir to Vic toria Point. 1.500 miles: Victoria Point to Calcutta. ' 1.3*6 miles; Calcutta to Ka rachi. 1.3Q0, miles: Karachi to Bushire, 1.100 iniles: Biishire to Ramleh, 1.200 miles: Rarnleh to Rome. 1.R50 miles: Rome to London/ 1.250 miles. This distance it ,is honed, will' be accomplished in nine or ten days. Four or five* days will -be spent m London.' ' ,. 