 IN 28 DAYS London And Back Flight Starts To-morrow SYDNEY, Sunday. It is the intention of the pro moters of the flight from Syd ney to London and back within 28 days to leave the Richmond aerodrome in the "Spirit of Australia" on Tuesday morning at dawn. Flying Officer Owen, of Point Cook, will accompany -Flying Officer Moir (pilot), and Mr. Frank Huxley (navigator wireless operator, and photo grapher), as relief pilot, and mechanic. There was an alteration in the ar rangements for the flight during the I week-end. It had been proposed to I depart on the 26,000 miles journey at daylight on Sunday, but tlle ; radio generator was not functioning .satisfac torily, and minor mechanical adjust Iments had also to be made. The outstanding .feature of the flight is that no risks are to be taken by the airmen, who are utilising a Ryan mono plane similar to the machino which Colonel Lindbergh piloted singlae hand ed across the Atlantic. The engine is a later model, however, graded at 220 horse power, and makes 1600 revolu tions per minute, The petrol consump tion is 10 miles to the gallon, while the storage capacity has been in creased by means of an extra tank to 350 gallons, which will give an aerial range of 3500 miles. It is a land mna chine of an air endurance of from 20 to 24 hours. PETROL SUPPLIES The ground organisation has been completed, and the Shell Company has laid down petrol and oil supplies at aerodromes approximately 500 miles apart for the whole stage of the lengthy journey. A radio transmitting and re celving apparatus has been installed in the machine, and continuous communi cation with either Australian of London stations is. likely throughout the entire Journey. Flying Officer Moir said to-night that a start would probably be made at dawn on Tuesday. "Everything Is now in order," he said, "but we propose to make minor adjustments to the ma chine to-morrow, and thus be in readi ness for taking the air on the follow ing morning." -]To added that Flying Officer Owen, of l?oint Cook, would par ticipate in the flight. ROUTE OF FLIGHT It was stated to-night that the' route of the flight would be as follows:-Syd ney to Oodnadatta, 1100 miles; Oodna dattni to Wyndham, 1100 miles; W-ynd ham to Andir, 1500 miles; Amtlir to Victoria Point, 1500 miles; Victoria Point to Calcutta, 1350; Calcutta to Karachi, 1300 niles; Karachi to Bu shire, 1100 miles; Bushire to Ramleh, 1200 miles; Ramleh to Rome, 1t50 miles; Rome to London, 1250 miles. This distance, it is hoped, will be ac complished in niito or tenl days. Four or five days vwill be spent in London. 