 FLIGHT TO ENGLAND Spirit of Australia Departure Fixed Machine Tested and Ready London in IO Days ! SYDNEY, October 29. The departure of the Spirit of Australia on the flight to London is now fixed for four o'clock to-morrow (Tuesday) morning. After tests to-day the Spirit of Australia was declared ready for the flight to England. The latest report on the weather was that the conditions were favourable. The chief pilot, Flying-officer Moir, and the second pilot, Flying-officer Owen, are enthusiastic about the fitness of the monoplane, with which it is hoped to reach London in 10 days, and in even less time if it is possible. Captain Frank Hurley will be the navigator, wireless operator, and photographer. The wireless apparatus, which was not satisfactory on Sunday morning, is now said to be in perfect order, and the airmen hope to be in communication with Australia or England for the whole of the journey. The Spirit of Australia is a Ryan monoplane similar to that used by Cap- tain Lindbergh on his flight across the Atlantic, but the engine is a later model, graded at 220 horse power. The pet- rol consumption is 10 miles to the gal- lon. The storage capacity has been increased to 350 gallons of petrol, which will give an aerial range of 3,500 miles. The monoplane is capable of remaining in the air for 24 hours under satisfac- tory conditions. Complete prepara- tions for the flight have been made along the route. The Shell Company has laid down supplies of petrol and oil at every 500 miles. The first stage o£ the flight will be from Richmond, Sydney> to Oodnadatta, 1,100 miles. After four or five days in England the airmen will fly back to Sydney, and they expect to land here within 28 days. IMPORTANT COMMISSION MESSAGE TO SIR G. RYRIE. The Minister for Home and Territor- ies (Sir Neville Howse) to-day indicat- ed that he was sending an important communication to the High Commission- er (Sir Granville Ryrie) by the Spirit of Australia, and that he hoped to re- ceive a reply within three weeks. Sir Neville was addressing members of the Constitutional Association, and was re- ferring to the air forces, when he stat- ed that he had been asked to go early this morning to Richmond to say a farewell to some pioneers who proposed to fly to England and back. "It concerns a matter of great Im- portance to Australia, this communi- cation," said Sir Neville, "and I ex- pect it to be of great value to me. "Whe- ther their effort falls or succeeds," Sir Neville continued, "it will prove what speedy communication means to Aus- tralia. When I came here 30 years ago travel between Great Britain and Australia was scarcely slower than it is to-day, a difference perhaps of a row days." PILOT OFFICER OWEN. LEAVE OF ABSENCE REFUSED. AIR BOARD'S EXPLANATION. MELBOURNE, October 29. Explaining the refusal of the Air Board to grant extended leave of ab- sence to Pilot Officer H. C. Owen to enable him to accompany Captain Frank Hurley on his flight to England, the Secretary of the Defence Depart- ment (Mr. M. L. Shepherd) said to- day that it cost the department a lot of money to train Owen! "We value his services too highly to allow him to go hopping off on a private venture, which, if successful, would probably re- sult in the Air Force losing him alto- gether," Mr. Shepherd said. "Under the regulations, an officer must remain in the Air Force for four years after ??having obtained his pilot's certificate. Owen has been attached to the Royal Australian Air Force for that length of time, but obtained his pilot's certificate only two years ago. The cost of his training to the depart- ment is estimated at £2,000. Owen's resignation haB not been received, and until it is, he is still a member of the Air Force. It would, therefore, be an offence for him to absent himself from duty without leave, and he could be arrested for desertion and court-mar tialled." 