 TO LONDON IN 13 BAYS! SOUTHERN CROSS FLYERS LEAVE SYDNEY Sluggish Take-off in 'Dead' Air ; SYDNEY, Today. . : At' 10.46 o'clock this mbrning Squadron-Leader Kingsf ord Smith, Flighttieot. C. T. P. Ulm, Lient. H. A. Litchfield (navigator), and Lieut. T. W. McWilliam (wireless operator) left Richmond aerodrome in the Southern . Cross on the first stage of their flight to London. ' . They hope to accomplish this in 13 .days, but declare that they are , not aiming to break the record established by Squadron-Leader. Hinklfx. ?,-i'vTp ^Wyndham*. a distance. «f 1,860 miles, wilT be ;their first objec .^tifli^iig^ ??',/?/;??? U; * ' AMionghweakraieaby.il severe attack %f ioSaenza, Squadron Leader Kingeford Smith again r«-^ed?i»BB^f^ -iaretei^pHot-ijy the - - magnificent way in which hefliaodled Ae machine under conditions that were -all. against a satibfacUSry tabe^pff. .. ? From * there they will begin jtrithin a couple of days the long flight to ^England. 'We are not on a special recordbreak ing trip,' Squadron Leader. Bongsford Smith said today, 'but we have business in London, and it seems only reasonable that the most suitable way for) us to travel is by aeroplane. - 'We will go as fast as we can on the trip, but not wholly and solely frith the. object of an attack on the record of Squad ron Leader Hinkler.' 'I am much more worried £bout my son's health than I am about the hazards of the flight generally/' said Mrs. Kings ford Smith. 'He has been very ill dur ing the past few days, and on Monday his temperature was 104. I believe that he was still - running a temperature when the flight began.' : '*I have the greatest confidence In the ultimate success of the journey*. None of us believes that it holds the risks of the Pacific flight. Our main anxiety is Charlie's . health. ? That is worrying me greatly;' Four hundred people cheered the crew c£ the Southern Cross on their way. Nine, planes followed the big Fokker almost as far as the foothills of the Blue Moun tains. Fifty cars and nine aeroplanes from Mas cot landed the spectators at the aerodrome more than an hour before the great flight started. Squadron-Jjeader Smith, Flight-Lieut. C. T. P. Ulm, and their gal lant companions, Lient. T. W. McWilliams (wireless operator) and Lieut. H. A. Litch field (navigator) were showered with good wishes and mascots. Women sought ex citedly to pin rosettes and flowers to the tunics of the fliers, who were followed about by an admiring crowd. Scores of people asked the fliers to take packages and letters to England. They would easily have filled the cabin of the radio operator and navigator. Among the letters which were packed in Flight-Lieut. Ulm's case was one convey ing greetings from Lord Stonehaven (Gov ernor-General) to Mr. L..S. Amery (Domi nions Secretary). The fliers also carried a personal introduction to the Prince of Wales. _... The air was dead when the plane was wheeled from the hangar' at 9.50 o'clock. Heavy, watery clouds hung over Richmond. The three Wright-Whirlwind engines of the plane were started at 10.15 o'clock, and they ran for half an hour before the plane taxied toward the eastern side of the aerodrome. Part of this time was occupied by the fliers giving farewell messages, ; gramo SQUADRON-LEADER KINGSFORD SMITH, usfco tctih his companions of the. Southern. Cross, has started on his flight to London. SQUADRON-LEADER KINGSFORD SMITH, usfco tctih his companions of the. Southern. Cross, has started on his flight to London. phone recording, and the remainder listen ing, to the beat of the engines, until the - rhythm told that they were, running well. ? At 10.35/ when the engines had. reached the maximum roar, the gale- from the pro pellers almost blew girls and little' chil- dren away. The Southern. Cross rose rery slowly. . Those -who had seen the plane start on- previous flights remarked that she did1 not lift into the air with the same elasticity as 'before. ' The Southern Cross was turned to the west, but still mounted very slowly. The humidity and lack of breeze made the take-off with 800 gallons of petrol an in tricate task. - Nine planes followed, but only the Can berra was able to keep up with her great speed. In this plane was Mrs. Ulm. (Interviews with the womenfolk of the airmen appear on Page 17.) ' * EARLY DAWN ON GOOD FRIDAY found this fisherman, a solitary angler, at a point of -vantage, on -v wharf at Outer Harbor, taking advantage of the quiet in the hope of catching something tempting in Lenten ? ' fare. EARLY DAWN ON GOOD FRIDAY found this fisherman, a solitary angler, at a point of -vantage, on -v wharf at Outer Harbor, taking advantage of the quiet in the hope of catching something tempting in Lenten ? ' fare. 