 I Bound for London THE SOUTHERN CROSS DEPARTS -« TRIP EXPECTED TO TAKE THIRTEEN DATS SYDNEY. Saturday. The Southern Cross started from Richmond aerodrome at 10.46 o'clock this morning on Its journey to Lon- don, which ls expected to take 13 days. It is expected that they will make a non-stop run to Wyndham for the first stage. Before leaving, the aviators broad- cast messages. Squadron-Leader Kingsford Smith said: "We have only a n.atter of two or three minutes be- fore we take off, so I have not much time to make a speech to you. It is fine to ?'see so many of you good folk here to speed us on our way, and when we are sitting up in thf sun it will be something tto think about In a mo ment th«2"Southern Cross will be but a speck to you, and we shall be on our way to the Old Country If the bus behaves as it did on the last flights. 1 have no doubt about our mnklng Qu'- objective. We will win through, and i hope we will achieve something whlcn will contribute towards the linking ap of the Empire by air. commun! cation!: and, incidentally, do something for Australia. Cheerio, ail of you. and many thanks for the wonderful send off." "My partner. Kingston! Smith, has told you of our hopes and prospects,'' saia Flight-Lieut. C. T. P Ulm. "lean only tell you that for the future glory and success of this great country. Ido sincerely hope that the good, wishes showered on our little party will come to fruition by a successful landing in the little island the Motherland, 12,000 miles away, thereby strengthening the bonds of friendship and bringing nearer the time when lt will be day.? only, and not weoks, that divide us from the hub of the world. The South- ern Cross ls in splendid condition, and we look forward to a successful Jour- ney." Lieut T. H. Mcwilliam said: "My chance of telling you of the prospects will begin when I start tapping the key. so, till then, all the he?t" Lieut. H. A. Litchfield said: "Given good visibility and the best of lucie, the Southern Cross is good enough to lap the world Kingsford Smith said that they were not out to break Bert Hlnkler's record, but they had business in London, and the plane was the only suitable way to travel. A big crowd saw the departure. Se- veral planes circled overhead. Smith and Ulm were informed im- mediately before their departure that Lord Stonehaven regretted that cir- cumstances did not permit of the pre- sentation, pf the Air Force Cross be- fore tliey left It would be made when they reached .London, probablj by King George. . The filers'carried a wreath from thi Returned Soldiers' League. This wjl be placed on the Cenotaph In London The propellers were tipped with metal to resist severe storms. This work was ? done at the RAJ. work- shops at Randwick, and at almost the last moment the Air Board sent wire- less messages to the Randwick shops and the Richmond aerodrome that 5s. per hour overtime was still due for the work. Smith and Ulm offered to present the« Southern Cross to the War Museum, but the Defence Department reply wai a mere formal acknowledgment of thc offer. Kingsford Smith was not fully re- covered from an eight-day bout with influenza. Reports tell of the plane having passed the Darling and Warrego Riven on the westward journey. 