 Link with London Day and Night Air Services To Sydney in Days Day and night air iriail services, linking London with' the most distant parts of tho Emplro In . llttlo' more than a week, arc, according to authoritative British expert opinion, well within the hounds of possibility. Tlio following schedule of regular, buslness-liko operation, dependent.. on the establishment of high-speed ser vices concerned solely with the car riage of malls, was sketched by Sir Robert McLean, who is one of the leading men In the British aircraft in dustry. in the course b£ an ' Interview with Lord Amulree. tho Air Minister, arranged for a deputation of the Lon don Chamber of Commerce, it epito mises the possibilities of immediate and dramatic acceleration in all exist ing air services. Tho times quoted were: — London -to- Calcutta :81 days London. to Sydney .. .71. flays. London lo Wellington, N.Z. 81 days Acceleration of this/ order involves a 24 hours .' schedule 'throughout the flight cud Mho ' efflciont .-lighting for night navigation of. the/routes. Given this organisation - tlicrir ls no doubt that British aircraft "constructors are to -day in a position to -build immedi ately fast aeroplanes ' which could maintain such . n - schedule- with, ease, cruising with full load- of -mails, on hoard at speeds arouncl 150 rind 160 miles an hour. Sir -Robert McLean pointed -otit that the overago speed In summor on tho Indian air route between London and Karachi, operated hy air; liners parry ing mails anq passengers, 'was. about 28 miles an - hour. Malts: Vhe added, should not be kept stationary. for;,lG hours of the 24 because they.\liad;.to. travel nt the'sanio rate as passfe'ngerh. Passengers and- mails should be'sep'ar-. atcd. Where traffic d)d not justify separate passenger and mail services over a route, a mail service operat ing on 'a- 24 -hour schedule should be given preference. : ' . extension to' Australia. Lord Amuirce, who cxproeod much sympathy with the .opinion .that .the dovclopmenli'of efficient day and' flight air mail services was desirable, stated that proposals for extending tho Eng land-India service to Australia were being considered by Australia' and by the -Governments of India and of the- Straits Settlements. " " ' ' The advance: in 'spoed 'and -efficiency of British military aircraft during re-, cent years - has an important hearing on -this desired development of Empire, air services. The latest . British one and two seatcr fighting aeroplanes at tain speeds of approximately 220 and 180 miles an hour .respectively even when carrying a 'service load; the lat ent multl-englned bombers, are little, behind them. Experience gained In the design, building and flying of those service planes ls already being lncor-., porated In th5 construction of civil air- craft .capable of much improved per formance. 