 Vjloh Days in London w w Sydney Offers Welcome Contrast To Returning Visitor IT'S nice, to be back In Sydney. .. It's rather splendid to be able to walk . along a street and not' be forever on the lookout for dog leashes; to be able to walk around a corner without being run down by an urchin ,on- roller skates, iii Lon- don It behoves one to walk warily round 'corners. If .you are too hur ried you have a good chance of fall ing over a snappy Sealyham or being growled at by a -ferocious Alsatian attached by a leash to an Inattentive mistress. The leash doesn't break; It neatly trips you up. Then there Is the roller skate menace. The Little Londoner makes a skating rink of London streets; he roller skates to. school, he roller skates on er rands, he roller skates to the pictured In London the dangers from motor traffic are nought compared to the pitfalls awaiting the pedestrian on the sidewalk. The absent-minded window gazer has a harried time. In the first days of my return to Sydney after three years of living In London, I noticed a queer emptiness In streets, in shops, In railway car riages. Something was lacking, but what? I saw taxis and horses and all sorts of people, yet there was something missing. Then I saw a dog looking out from a motor car and I became aware of what It was. I realised It was the absence of dogs which caused the blankness. Dog-lovers In London take their pets shopping and visiting, to bridge parties and to the dansants. Some women won't go anywhere without their dogs. They say: "Darling Miggles gets so depressed if she is left at home," or else, "Fetsy Boy adores going to parties." Hostesses . wno want, those women for a game of bridge always Include Miggles and Petsy Boy in ,the Invi tations. Hallway companies, too, are very considerate about dogs. There are week-end fares for dogs at specially cheap fates, there are dog posters attractively coiorea ana telling you to "take your dog with you" to Herne Bay or to Sea- ford or to Wcston- super-mare, and there are stuffed dogs on railway stations, wist- ful and immovable, to . remind you that a dog's day Is soon over, so take him travelling now. One or two' very snjart people are going In for . cats. Cat books are popular and cat psychology is dis cussed at parties. Maurice Genevolx, a Frenchman, has written a fascin ating "Story of a Cat," which was translated into English by an Aus tralian writer, fUice Grant Rosman; the book was a success of the year, and stimulated the Interest In cats. When Elinor Glyn Is asked to a party her big cat Is Invited, too. He Is a beautiful creature; he has am ber eyes and tawny hair and wears a large blue satin bow round his neck. At a lunch party where Elinor Glyn was the guest of honor, "Candlde" sat on the table near his mistress and dozed peacefully throughout the speeches. I haven't met that kind of cat at a Sydney party yet. Another thing In Sydney I note with interest is that women have not the habit of smoking In trains ahd trams, nor have I seen a ' woman smoking in Sydney streets, as they do In London. Smoking in London theatres and picture shows is a common custom. There are theatres where pipes and cigars are allowed and one's clothes reek with tobacco smoke for days after an evening spent In the gal lery. Patrons to that part of the house like well-seasoned pipes St. John Irvine, who discourses much on theatres and plays. Is con stantly harping on the subject of smoking In theatres. He strongly disapproves. He thinks the enter tainment of the play should be enough for normal people, and If he had his way no smoking at concerts would be permitted either. One of the densest smoke nights I endured was at the first night of "Derby Day," the comic opera by Al fred Reynolds and A. P. Herbert. It wad aii wie j-iyni; xiicaiac, xattuuuci- smith, and everyone who Is anyone came to see it — or hear It— and everyone who Is anyone smoked all through the evening. By.the end of the opera, when A. P. Herbert came on to the stage to bow acknowledg ment to admiring cheers and to say his little piece, we saw him across a barrage of blue haze. At the London promenade concerts, given through August, freedom to smoke when and where you will Is one of the major attractions— to those who like tobacco. If you don't happen to like It, you leave out the Queen's Hall and go instead to Hyde Park, where a military band plays pleasing music and smoke from pipes, cigars and cigar ettes floats up wards to the tree- tops and away. Australians In Lon don enjoy the sum mer music out of doors. Thoughts slip back to Do main and parks and summer. Sun days when our own bands play. We like to slip back In thought— and we like to slip back in person. It's nice to be in Sydney again. By a Correspondent 