 i 4 . ii \ . THREE DAYS london-sydney. . ! "With ; aeroplane engines in their'- pre sent state of development it is possible for the flight from London to Sydney ito be made within three days, allowing for nieht flying i and relief pilots," said Flight-Lieutenant S- J. Moir, presi dent of the New South Wales Aero Qlub, when recently discussing the record that might be established in air races be tween London and Australia in the near future; . : ' "The aerial distance between London and Sydney is about 1.2,000 miles, accord ing to flight reckoning," added Flight- Lieutenant Moir. t ' 'There are already several reliable " makes of aeroplanes which are consistently cruising at ' 250 miles an hour arid are capable of up to 280 or 290 miles an hour under favor- able winch .conditions. A pilot dying sold could make Sydney from London in one of tliese machines, "flying only ten hours per day, giving 14 hours out df each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep, ., Assuming the weather conditions were not ; favorable, and that head, instead of . following winds, were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at 250 miles an hour . would give a daily journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney .within four days of London. ; "But, assuming the. same machine was flown with relief pilots, with ample pro vision for fuelling oh the journey, it would be possible" for 22 hours daily to be! flown, which would give a daily dis tance of from' 5500 to .6000 miles, accord ing to the weather' arid wind' conditions. With favorable .conditions and ordinary pilot's luck, the journey to Sydney could be accomplished within from 48 to 50 "hours from London"' "Referring to the time likely to' be .taheri 'by the winner" of the centenary air race from England to Australia, the Chief of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore 51 J. Goble, said: "I think two and a lialf.days to three .days will win the race.'.' Sir ChaTleaKingsford- Smith' Paid that he thought the route could be covered in, three and a lialf days. 