 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN THREE DAYS. POSSIBLE SERVICE. FLIGHT-LIEUTENANT MOIR'S OPINION. "With aeroplane engines in their present state oí development It is possible for tha flight from London to Sydney to be mad« within three days, allowing for night flying and relief pilots," said Flight-Lieutenant S. J. Moir, president of the New South Wales Aero Club, yesterday, in discussing the record that might be established in air races between, London and Australia in the near future. "The aerial distance between London and Sydney is about 12,000 miles, according to flight reckoning," added Flight-Lieutenant Moir. "There are already several reliable makes of aeroplanes which are consistently cruising at 250 miles an hour and are capable of up to 280 or 290 miles an hour under favourable wind conditions. A pilot flying solo could make Sydney from London in one of these machines flying only ten hours per day, giving fourteen hours out of each 24 for attention to the engine and rest and sleep. Assuming the weather conditions were not favourable, and that head, instead oí fol- lowing, winds were encountered, then flying 12 hours daily at 250 miles an hour would give a daily Journey of 3000 miles, thus bringing Sydney within four days of London. "But assuming the same machine was flown with relief pilots, with amnle provision for fuelling on the Journey, it would be possible for 22 hours daily to be flown, which would give a daily distance of from 5500 to 6000 miles, according to the weather and wind con- ditions. With favourable conditions and ordinary pilot's 'luck,' the journey to Sydney could be accomplished within from 48 to 50 hours from London." "This is not a phantastical estimate," con- cluded Flight-Lieutenant Moir, "as these fast times are being maintained over established air routes at the present time. Four years ago in a lecture I stated that a schedule easy of constant accomollshment would be seven days between Sydney and London. The recent flights of Air Commodore Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and Mr. Ulm have shown how easily such a service could bo established. There will almost certainly be a four days' flight between London and Sydney in tha near future." MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Referring to-day to tlie time likely to be taken by the winner of the centenary air race from England to Australia, the Chiof of the Air Staff, Air-Commodore S. J. Goble, said: "I think two and a half days to three days will win the race." Sir Charles Kingsford Smith said yesterday that he thought the route could be covered In three and a half days. 