 - 7 DAYS London To Wyndham SMITHY'S GREAT FLIGHT BEAT SCOTT BY 40 HOUR'S DASH TO SYDNEY NOW. SYDN HA". Wednesday. Arriving at Wyndham at 5.14 o'clock this afternoon (7.14 p.m. Syd ney time), Air Commodore Sir Charles Kingsford Smith established a fresh, although unofficial record from Lon don to Australia. The aviator covered the journey in seven days four hours 46 minutes, breaking Scott's record by one day 15 liours 58 minutes. Tii the absence of detailed messages from AVyndham, the A'aeuum Oil Com pany has supplied interesting information, compiled with the assistance of private communications from the company's ngeni at Wyndham. WONDERFULLY FIT. The company's agent sent the following message: — "Kingsford Smith arrived 5.1+. When congratulated lie said it was no trouble to Australians.- He appeared wonderfully lit and was comfortably dressed in grey flannel trousers and white shirt. He is leaving at 7 o'clock to-mor row morning to make the fastest: possible time to Sydna'y and will be following the Newcastle Waters and Longreach route." SPLENDID TRIP. Kingsford Smith sent the following message to the A'aeiiuni Oil Company: — "Splendid trip. Plume and Mobiioil and your service verv helu- ful. The Pereival Liu II and Gipsy engine per formed excellent I v. ' ' The Vacuum Oil Company sent a repiv to the avialoi to-night drawing his attention to the fact that the officially accepted re cord was not I rtnii London to Australia, but London to bvdiicv. and suggesting that ho .should make the fas'- est possible, time on to Sydney with a view to securing Hie offi cial record. " The company has also asked liiiu to fly straight on to Melbourne, with the object of selling a special record as a guide to competitors in the Loiidon-Molbour -lie. air race -in connection with the Melbourne centenary celebrations next year. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith left Houra- baya at 4.55 a.m., local time, for Wynd ham, the flight occupying ten hours too minutes. SYDNEY IS OFFICIAL END OF FLIGHT. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. Although Sir Charles Kingsford Sinith created record time between England and AVyndhaiii it is not to be officially recog nised by the Federation Aei oiiaut ique In ternationale, which is the official institute of international aeronautical clubs. Commenting on this t:o-d:iy the Director of Civil Aviation, Captain "Johnson, '.said the Federation hud drawn up a number of routes as official record flights and made it known that the only record between England and Australia which would be granted official recognition was between England and Sydney, ''consequently Sir Charles Kingsford Smith had officially Ti" record to break, as in all previous flights easy stages had been flown from AVyml- hant or Darwin t(, Sydney. PRIME MINISTER'S PRAISE. CANBERRA, Wednesday. Commenting on Sir Charles Kingsford Smith's record breaking flight, the Prime Minister, Air. Lyons, said to-night when news of the airman's arrival was con veyed to him, that he was not surprised. "I am not surprised at any of his achievements," lie added. "I. have the greatest admiration for him and have no hesitation in saying- that I regard him as the greatest airman in the world. Aus tralia should be proud of his achieve ments." Air. Lyons sent a congratulatory tele gram to the aviator within a few minutes of learning' Unit he had reached Australia. GREAT PERSONAL TRIUMPH. LONDON, AVednesday. News of Kingsford Smith's record was telephoned to the King at Saiidriiighunt Castle. Lord Wakefield declared: "My "warm est congratulations to one of the Em pire's pioneer airmen. 'This is an out standing ev'ent in the history of aviation. Tt is a great personal triumph for Sir Charles Kiiiirsford Smith." SWIFT, EASY FLIGHT. The designer of 1he 'plane, Captain Pereival, of Sydney, 'stated the flight wan a distinct advance on previous re cords in which pilots had to fly to the point of .physical exhaustion, because oi' lower cruising speeds. Eif Charles Kings ford SinitTq oh the' other hand, usually was able to obtain a good night's rest, lie had. proved that with modern speeds in reliable aircraft a flight of this nature can be quite normal. Scott said: "I am glad Smithy has broken tlie record. I could wish for nobody finer to take it from me. I shall have another go> at the record." The Royal Aero Club cabled: "Con gratulations, excellent performance your self and machine." The secretary of the Royal Aero Club, Commander "Perrin, says it was a' mag nificent performance, and particularly gratifying that it was made in one of the latest type of British light aircraft. WORLD 'iS GREATEST AIRMAN. The "Star," in an editorial, says: "We salute -Sir Charles Kingsford Bmitli. If anything more: than his previous great- flights was required to justify Colonel Lindbergh's opinion that Sir Charles is the greatest arniaii in the world, the manner in which he knocked the record sideways provides it, though the aero plane is superior to its predecessors. "Sir Charles Kingsford Smith was not: out to break the record, but to keep a business appointment. AVe hope business men will take tli'e hint, and that 'the route to Australia will be immediately established." 