 IN THREE DAYS London-Melbourne Flight AUSTRALIANS' PLAN SYDNEY, Friday That an Australian-built monoplane, now in course of construction for en try In the Centenary Air Race, was likely to fly from London to Melbourne in three days was stated to-day at a meeting in the 'Royal Empire Socie ty's rooms. The meeting was called for the pur pose of forming a committee to finance the construction in Sydney of a 'plane to compete in the race. Mr. C. M. C. Shannon, who, pre sided, stated that the machine had been designed by Sydney experts, and the work, which was started about five weeks ago, was being carried out by Sydney craftsmen from materials produced wholly in New South Wales, including the engine. The 'plane had been designed by Mr. L. J. It. Jones, lecturer in aircraft con struction at the East Sydyney Techni cal College; Mr. T. D. J. Leech, 'ec turer In Civil Engineering and Aero nautics at Sydney University: and ex flying olficer D. Saville, R.A.F., formn erly instructor in Navigation at the Seaplane Base, Calshot, England. Mr. Shannon said that 11e had been Informed, as a result of enquiries, that there were no better men in Australia for the job, and If they did not suc ceed no other Australian could. Average 200 Miles an Hour "A machine built abroad' could not be an Australian entry, and as the prize is given by an Australian, it is up to us to show what can be done by an Australian-but machine," said Mr. Jones, who considered the race would be flown at an average rpeed of 200 miles an hour. He said he thought that the dis tance from London to Melbourne could be done in three days. Mr. Leech mentioned that they had already built a machine similar to the one under discussion with satisfactory results. An ergino in else previously had passed all tests and the two en gines to be",placed ia the 'plane would be. of tha same typo. The cost of the plane would be-about £2000. When completed it would be taken to Eng land. About six weeks would be oc cupied on the trip to give plenty of time for studying atmospheric con ditions 'and aerodromes en route. 