 MAY LEAVE AGAIN TOMORROW Rush Repairs In Sydney For Lady Southern Cross KINGSFORD SMITH optimistic "Can Reach London In Eight Days" SYDNEY. October 1. Sir Charles Kingsford Smith, whose flight to England to participate in the Centenary Air Race was interrupted by the discovery at Cloncurry of cracks in the aluminium cowling of the en gine of his Lockheed Altair monoplane, returned to Sydney today, landing at Mascot Aerodrome about 1.30 p.m. The flight from Brisbane occupied 4 hours 5 minutes at a speed of 125 miles an hour. Kingsford Smith said tonight he hoped that the new cowling would be fitted to the monoplane in time for tests to be made tomorrow, and that he ex pected to resume his flight to England on Wednesday. As soon as the machine taxied to the hangar, repairs were begun by mecha nics. Before the airmen alighted from the cockpite'the mechanics had re moved sections of the engine casing. Wing-Commander Wackett. a friend of Kingsford Smith, met the plane as it entered the hangar and examined the damage. He said it was obviously a case of fatigue, and had been work ing up for some time. Kingsford Smith is confident that lie can reach London in eight days, and still have time to make life ground ar rangements at the nine places where he intends to land during the race. But. he added, it would be unwise for him and Captain Taytor. his co-pflot and navigator, to over-exert themselves on the way. as the race began on Octo ber 20. and there was much work to be done in England. Neither Kingsford Smith nor Cap tain TaylOE could explain the cause of the. damage to the cowlinc. They agreed with W3ng-Commander Wackefi. that the various 6plit6 which had been no ticed had been caused gradually. but there is a definite dent at the b2sc of the cowling which they cannot explain Kingsford Smith is inclined to believe that it was caused by Tiitting a bird, which they did not see or by a stone flung up by the wheels as they were landing at C'.oncurry. "It is no use being unset." he said. "We have to accent these setbacks Dn:lcsophically. and I can assure you that we will endeavor to win the race. If we can leave by Thursday at the latest, we wOl be able to be in the line up on October 14." 