 MAILS BY AIR London To Sydney Seven-Days Service An Important Conference SYDNEY, February 25. The carriage of all first-class mails by air at a cheap flat rate, a' «even-day service between London and Sydney, and the substitution of {lying boats on a coastal route from Darwin to Sydney for the existing Inland service by aeroplanes, are the principal proposals being dis cussed by the conference which be- gan to-day between Federal Minis- ters and members of the British postal delegation. Representatives of the New Zealand Government also were present. The conference, after being officially opened by the Minister for Defence (Mr. Parkhill), began its deliberations in private. It is expected that the dis- cussions will last for three days. "Attractive as the scheme may be in many directions, there appear to be, unfortunately, many grave difficulties in its application to Australian condi- tions," said Sir. Parkhill in opening the conference. "The use of flying boats would involve the opening of a new coastal route from Darwin to Sydney, which the Commonwealth would be loath to adopt, not only on account of IhB additional cost involved, but also because we have already gone some con- siderable distance in- developing the lana aeroplane service, and would hesi- tate to withdraw from the residents of those inland parlB-thc benefits of air communication.", "The added cost to the' Common- wealth under the different proposals would bo about £200,000 a year," Mr. Parkhill added, "and this aspect will have to" be carefully investigated." % Mr. Parkhill said that It was proposed that a cheap flat rate, perhaps as low a? ljd a half ounce, be adopted for all mall matter carried by air between Lon- don and Australia. One of the most Important aspects was the proposed ac- celeration of the service to a seven-day trip. It was noted that the flying boats and how thcmachlnes at 130 miles an hour, whereas the aeroplanes at present In use reached a speed of 145 miles an hour. It would be interesting to hear from the members of the delegation how the acceleration of the service was to bo obtained other than by night flying, and ho wthe machines at 130 miles an hour would compare with the machines now In use at 145 milos an hour, and how the competition of other and more speedy systems could be met. Other Erave difficulties would arise from the adoption of the principle of the carriage of all flrst-class mall by air without surcharge. LARGE AIRCRAFT. Not only would that policy, If adopt- ed, said Mr. Parkhill, necessitate the use of very large aircraft on the over- seas sorvice, but must have far-reach- ing repercussions in the sphere of local transport of malls. Certain of those difficulties arose from the fact that they in Australia had. a. large continent to serve, and arrangements that might be suitable for a country such as Austra- lia might not suit elsewhere. The added expense was, of course, not an insuper- able difficulty. Other aspects were sat- isfactory. That was but an indication of the problems they were about to dis- cuss, and he believed that they had all approached tho conference with a sin- cere desire to achieve very real ad- vancement in Empire air communica- tions. The Postmaster-General (Senator McLachlan) said that Australia had al- ways suffered from her tremendous iso- lation from, the rest of the world. They were now endeavouring . to bring the Empire Into closer touch, and whether or not they could agree to see eye to eye on many things, the conference could not fail to be productive of good. The Postmaster-General of New Zea- land (Mr. Adam Hamilton) said that anything that would help to bring the Empire closer together would have the support of the Now Zealand Govern- ment. THE BRITISH VIEW. The Director of Postal Services -,ln Great Britain and the leader of the de- legation (Mr. F. Williamson) said that the origin of their visit was to keep pace with the astonishing growth in aerial communications. In the past two years this development had been amazing. In 1334 the British Post Office had car- ried nearly 0,000,000 letters by air. The lecent developments had shown that it was now possible to hope for tho most enormous developments that had ever taken place In the Post Office. The scheme was so gigantic and the points of detail so numerous and Important that It had taken a long time to for- mulate It, and the difficulty in discussing It In the ordinary way was obviously so great that the delegation had been "nt to Australia to deal with the mat- er. . They had shown faith in their own Roods by travelling by air them- selves, and it had given them'some Mea of Australia's tremendous dis- tances. "We hope to show," added Sir Hederic Williamson, "that the scheme will not be nearly so expensive as it appears to be here. It is a great Im- perial scheme, and there" has never been anything like it before." Others at the conference included the Deputy Director of Civil Aviation in Great Dritaln, and Mr. F. Bertram, the Parliamentary private secretary, and the Under Secretary for Air (Mr. L. Guinness, M.P.), the Director-General of Postal Services In New Zealand (Mr. G. McNamara), the Secretary of the Commonwealth Defence Department (Mr. L. Shepherd), the Comptroller of Civil Aviation (Captain B. C. John- stone), the Director of Postal Services (Mr. H. P. Brown), and the Chief In- spector of Postal Services (Mr. M. B. Harry). 