 iirrfER empire air Mail service ? Conference Discusses New Scheme SEVEN DAYS TO LONDON RYnNRY. February 25. 'We hope to show,' said Sir Frederic Williamson (Director of Postal Services in Britain) to-day, 'that the proposals made by the British postal authorities for improving the air mail ser vior. Viptwpfin Britain and Australia will not be so expensive as they appear. It is a great Imperial scheme, and there has never been anything really like it before.' Mr. A. Parkhill (Minister for Defence) forecast that the added cost to the Commonwealth under the new proposal would be in the vicinity of £200,000 per annum. FEDERAL Ministers and mem- . bers of the British air dele gation conferred to-day. Representatives of the New Zea land Government were also pres ent. The principal proposals under consideration arc the carriage of all first-class mails by air at a cheap flat rate, a seven-day ser vice between London and Sydney, and the substitution of flying boats on a coastal route from Darwin to Sydney for, the existing inland cervice by aeroplanes. Grave Difficulties 'Attractive as the scheme may be in many directions, there appear to be, unfortunately, many grave difficulties in its application to Australian con ditions,1' said Mr. Parkhill in open ing the conference. 'The use of Hy ing boats,' h2 said, 'would involve the opening of a new coastwise route from Darwin to Sydney, which the Commonwealth would be loth to adopt, not only on account of the additional cost of opening this new route, but also because we have already gone some considerable distance in develop ing the land 'plane service between these centres, and we would hesitate to withdraw from the residents of those inland parts the benefits of air communication which they have en ioved for so long.' Mr. Parkhill, who presided over the conference, was supported by the Post master-General (Senator McLachlan) The British delegation comprised the Director of Postal Services in Britain ('Sir Frederic Williamson), the Deputy Director of Civil Aviation in Britain (Mr. F. Bertram), and the Parliamen tary Secretary to the Under Secre tary for Air (Mr. T. L. Guinness, M.P.). The New Zealand representa tives were the Postmaster-General (Mr Adam Hamilton) and the Direc tor-General of Postal Services (Mr. G. McNamara). With the commonwealth Ministers were the Secretary of the Defence Department (Mr. L. Shep herd), the Controller of Civil Avia tion (Captain E. C. Johnston), the Director of Postal Services (Mr. H. P. Brown), and the Chief Inspector of Postal Services (Mr. M. B. Harry). Long-dreamt-of Link Mr Parkhill, in welcoming the Brit-. ish delegation, said that its mission was very important, and would re quire equally important consideration. Aviation had assumed an important place in the world's affairs, and air transport services, carrying malls, pas sengers, and goods, now linked many countries and many nations through out the world. The nations of the British Commonwealth had not been slow to appreciate the advantages oi civil aviation. 'We in Australia,1 he proceeded, 'can claim to have played our part, and take credit for being the first of the British Dominions to establish an air transport service for local needs and the first also to ex tend Its' activities into the sphere o£ international aviation. The inaugura tion of the Australian service to Singapore, which was opened so ap propriately by the Duke of Gloucester, completed a long-dreamt of link .be- tween Australia and the mother country. The value of this new ser vice to the business and commercial interests of this country is very real and it is pleasing to know that the actual cost of the service is exceed ingly modest and considerably below that which was estimated. This is due to the mail loadings being greater than was estimated when the Gov ernment approved its institution. The Proposals 'Some particulars of the proposals which, we are here to discuss are already well known. Broadly, the proposal is for the carriage of all Empire first-class mails by air be tween Empire countries connected in the system of Empire air services. It ls proposed that a cheap flat rate, perhaps as low even as lid per hall ounce be adopted, irrespective of dis tance, between the Empire countries concerned. 'The proposal is to provide large flying boats, capable of carrying the great loads that would be involved, and a considerable increase in fre quencies of services, as compared with those existing to-day, is intended. The acceleration of the services to an even tual seven-day time-table between London and Sydney is to be brought about mainly by the introduction of more extensive night flying, which is generally regarded as being inevitable. One of the most important aspects of this question is the acceleration of the service to a seven-day trip. Flying Boats Not So Fast 'It is noted that the flying boats, which are an important part of the proposal, have a cruising speed of 130 miles an hour, whereas the 'planes at present in use reach a speed of 145 miles an hour. It will be interesting to hear from the members of the delegation how the acceleration of the service is to be attained, other than by nieht flying, and how the machines at 130» miles an hour will compare with the machines now in use at 145 miles an hour, and how the com petition of other and more speedy systems can be met. Other grave difficulties would arise from the adop tion of the principle of carriage of all first-class mail by air without sur charge. Not only will this policy, if adopted, necessitate the use of very large aircraft on the oversea service, but must have far-reaching repercus sions in the sphere of local transport of malls. 'As far as we can see at the mo ment the added cost to the Common wealth under the new proposal is in the vicinity of £200,000 per annum, ? and this aspect will need to be very carefullv investigated and considered by the Commonwealth. This, of course, is not an insuperable difficulty if other aspects are satisfactory pnd if. It ls to the advantage -of Australia.' Senator McLachlan supported Mr. Parkhill. The postmaster-General o; New Zea land. who1 also welcomed the British delegation, said that anything that could brine; the members of the Em pire- .Closer . together . would have the tupport of New Zealand, ; Sir Frederick Williamson said that Lhe origin Of their visit was the aston 'shlng growth made in Europe and the Empire generally in air communica tions. At the outset it had been extra ordinary slow, but in the last two or three years it had been amazing. In 1934 the post office had carried nearly e.000,000 letters by air. The recent de velopments had shown that it was now possible to hope for the most enormous developments that had ever taken place in tlie post office. The scheme was so gigantic, and the points of detail so numerous and important, that It had taken a long time to formulate it, and the difficulty of discussing it in the or dinary wav was obviously so great that the delegation had been sent to Aus tralia to deal with the matter. They had shown faith in their own goods by travelling by air themselves, and It nad given them some Idea of Aus tralia's tremendous distances. After Mr. Guinness and Mr. McNamara had spoken the conference began its deliberations in private. It is expected that the meeting will last for three days. 