 BIG AIR MAIL DEVELOPMENT PLANS London-Sydney In Seven Days HONGKONG LINK Use Of Giant Flying Boats SYDNEY, August 20. Matters of vital importance in the future development of air transport throughout the Empire are under con-&lt;*> sideration by Britain, Australia. New Zealand, Canada, and India. As far as Australian mail services are concerned, London to Sydney in seven days is one of the main features ot the plan Deing considered, and will be put into force in 1937, if not next year. Special use of planes in cases of national emergency ii also being con sidered. Flying boate. now j.nder con struction in Brita n will have a cruis ing speed of from 150 to alb m-p-h.. and wUI weigh when loaded from 20 to 25 tons. Each will be able to carry 60 pas sengers in addition lo mail matter It is stated that each Hying boat will be able to convey 150 tally equipped sol diers 500 miles in 24 hours. One object in viex is to hasten the adoption of the plan for sending all first-class mail matter between the dif ferent parts of tbe Empire by air. An extension of the service between Aus tralia and London, which will be car ried out at an early date, will be from either Singapore or Bangkok to Hong kong. This service is of Imperial in terest, but will be of immense assistance to Australia in the development of trade between Australia and Japan and China. The next extension will be a duplica tion of the service between Australia and London with Sydney as the ter minal. At present 50 per cent, of the mails, passengers and freight carried by tbe Imperial aerial mail service originates in Sydney or terminates here. By a rearrangement of the present schedule it would be possible for the mail matter from London to be delivered in Sydney almost a day earlier than at present without inter fering with the schedule for the de livery of the mails on Melbourne and Adelaide. The trunk line service would be from Darwin to Sydney via Charle ville with a branch line service to Bris bane, which would have the same time table as at present. The extension of the service from Sydney to New Zealand presupposes that large modern flying boats will eventually be used on all or most of the route between London and New Zea land so that passengers may have the full facilities of a through service for the journey. It is understood that the British Government is prepared to hasten a decision by Australia and New Zealand on the scheme by subsidising the extended service by almost SO per cent., leaving a similar subsidy to be provided jointly by the Australian and New Zealand Governments. Tbe Bri tish Government, it .is believed, has made this offer so that there may be unified control of the through service, which would thus be available for Im perial purposes in case of national or Empire emergency. 