 BI-WEEKLY AIR SERVICE FROM LONDON TO SYDNEY Federal Government is Prepared To Participate in Scheme ONLY SEVEN .DAYS FOR JOURNEY CANBERRA, Wednesday. The Federal Cabinet today decided to inform the British Government that it is prepared to participate in the British scheme for a bi-weekly air service with flying boats from London to Sydney, each trip to take seven days. The Prime Minister (Mr. Lyons) said later that Cabinet's communication to Britairn would not necessarily bring immediate finality, as certain details had still to be adjusted. ItFi..belie-,ted.that,A3,stralan .parti~ pation in the scheme 'will involve an adjustment of the estimated costs as between the two Governments, and that the only matter still outstanding is the question of the amount of sur charge. This question will be dis cussed by Cabinet tomorrow. The British Government informed the Commonwealth today that it de sired an early reply, as the scheme was due to begin operations ir/ August next year. It desires Australia to agree to the carriage of letters either way between London and Australia by flying boat without surcharge. The Commonwealth submitted an alternative proposal to reduce the exist ing surcharge from 1/6 to 6d. a letter, on the ground that the cost of the abolition of the surcharge would be an extravagance which the Common wealth could not afford, in view of the fact that a surcharge was necessary for the maintenance of internal airmail services. The Commonwealth decision now means that next year the existing aero plane connection between Singapore and Brisbane will be replaced by a through flying boat service from Lon don to Sydney, to be extended ulti mately across the Tasman to New Zea land, with Vancouver as the final ob jective. A last minute attempt to sway Min isterial opinion against the flying boat _i?:rri~" pIa:nsmade 4y-the Mi'nistri 61 Deierice (Sir ?Arch'daIe Parkhill).E I1 urged the retention of Australian con trol of the service to Singapore. Acceptance of the British scheme in its entirety, he pointed out, would mean the virtual exclusion of the Common wealth participation in international aviation control. From a defence standpoint Australia must develop her aviation to the fullest extent. Sir Archdale told Cabinet also that civil aviation and defence officials were unanimously opposed to the British Government's plan. He questioned the accuracy of the British estimate that the scheme would cost £300,000 for the first year and £150,000 a year thereafter. A careful study of the scheme by defence authorities, he said, revealed that the annual cost to Aus tralia would be at least £240,000. Ministers favoring the Empire scheme maintain that Australia's rights over the Singapore-Sydney section are fully safeguarded, because the Common wealth would be a partner with Britain and other dominions in the service. They pointed out that the Common wealth Government would be directly represented on the Governmental com mittee which would supervise the con duct of the service. 