 AVIATION — Every Saturday LONDON TO SYDNEY IN FOUR DAYS PROBABLE By Our Aviation Correspondent. TWTOW that the first Empire flying boat is in the air, the acceleration of Empire communications has ceased to be a thing of the future. It has become established in the present. THE service cruising speed of' these boats, which was speci fied in the original contract to be not less than 145 m.p.h., has been established at more than 160 m.p.h., and a top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. has been ob tained. With these boats it will be pos sible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealand in five days, from London. The figures are obtained from the cruising speed in 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation wjll be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule, and a service faster than seven days is un likely for at least three years after the beginning of the service. In the old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the four hours "spare" each day. but nowadays this essential service has been reduced to minutes. It is understood that the Shell organisation has a float under con struction which will pump fuel into a flying-boat at the rate of nearly 5000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuelling would oc cupy about 20 minutes three times each clay. The general use of flying boats by imperial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and pas sengers will live on board the flying boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Australia — tl trough the contractor — will operate at least two boats right uirougn lo isngianu. For the first time in history, regu lar service planes bearing the Aus tralian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to be built at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regular points — in similar manner to the rail ways — but it is hoped to perfect a scheme whereby all pilots, including the Australians, becom.e conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment, the new fly ing boats will carry more efficient navi gating equipment than the great ocean liners. Apart' from an automatic pilot, there will be directional and beam wireless equipment, radio com pass, and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry 16 pas sengers — the fare is £160, plus ex change—and to reserve 3'. tons for carriage of mails and freight. 