 EMPIRE PLANE SERVICE LONDON TO DARWIN IN 6i DAYS New Plans Announced SYDNEY. Friday . Six and * half days from London to Darwin and eight and a half cU.yx to Sydney via Adelaide— that ts the. probable schedule when the Dutch air service comes to Australia. The existing Bitish service takes ten days to Darwin and 12i to Brisbane. This will be reduced gradually with to seven days to Sydney with flying boats next year. At present it is regarded as un likely tha: the Dutch line will fly to Sydney. It is expected that it will link up with an Australian air line at Darwin. An official announcement of details cf the agreement for the Dutch ser vice .will be made shortly, the Act ing jjinister for Defence, Mr. Thorby said today. iThc Commonwealth has consented to the application of Royal Nether lands Indies Airways to fly to Aus tralia but details have yet to be completed . Mr. Thorby. spcaking; by tele phone from Orange, said he was un able to discuss the matter beyond itatlng that the Commonwealth Ministers in Australia were in communication with the 'Prime Min ister (Mr. Lyons* and the British Government on the matter. The Commonwealth wms endeavor ing to reach an agreement with the Dutch povenmont on certain points, Mr. Thorby said. The connecting air line will prob ably serve Sydney mid Melbourne via Adelaide, flying from Darwin through Ceiytrai Australia with Alice Springs as a half way base. Guinea Airways Ltd. which re cently 'began operations in Australia established itself on this route a few months ago with the fastest air liner in Australia, a Lockheed Electra. ?They have ordered a second Lock bred Electra to start a service be tween Adelaide and Sydney. The route is alternative to the more direct route acres ? Quensland on which the Qar.tas-En... ire Airways service flies. * It is not. tbougnt that the Dutch would be permitted to compote di rectly with Qantas along that route. The difference in .length of the Central Australian route is regarded almost inconsiderable for high speed 'planes. The Dutch would use Douglas 'planes from Batavia. These cruise at .180 miles an hour. Airlines of Australia before its association with Australian National Airways, stated in January that it was 'certainly interested in the mat ter of connecting our service with :he proposed Dutch airline.' The suggestion then was that Air lines cf Australia would extend its Townsville service across to Dar v. in . The Central Australian route is now regarded as more likely to be that of the connecting airline. The managing director of Qantas Empire Airways (Mr. Hudson Fyslu today declined to discuss the matter. He had received no advice that the Dutch request had been granted. No advice has been received by Dutch Airways representatives in Sydney. Mr. A. Bakker, one of them said today that he was therefore, not in a position to discuss the mat ter. It is understood that reciprocal provisions mentioned in connection with the agreement afreet, mainly aivcraft facilities in the Dutch East Indies. It js known that the Commonwealth has consented to the Royal Dutch airlines operating to Australia, but de tails have not yet been completed. The Dutch schedule allows for 61- days from London *o Darwin, and two ad ditional days to Sydney, via Adelaide. The British and Australian service at present already takes 11 days from England to Darwin, and 12i days to Brisbane. Howoevr. when flying boats are used the time will be reduced to 7 days from London to Sydney, flying time.' In aviation circles in Sydney the opinion was expressed that the Dutch line will be permitted to operate as far as Darwin only, and that the Qantas service and other services will carry and distribute the internal malls. It Ls understood that the Dutch arrangement provides for the carriage of mails to southern States l)y Guinea Airways from Darwin to Adelaide, and then direct to Sydney and Melbourne. 