 Fast New Air Service Planned DUTCH LINERS 'U.S.A. Will Use Stratosphere 7 ?' ' - SEVEN DAYS TO LONDON \ SYDNEY, Friday. The Acting Minister for Defence, Mr. Thor by, stated to-day at Orange that an official , .' announcement of details of tho agreement be tween the Commonwealth Royal Neth erlands Indies Airways, which has been giv en permission to % to Australia, could be ex ! pected in the near future. Mr. Thorby said that the Commonwealth Ministers in Aus- ; tralia were in communication with the Prime Minister, Mr. : ' Lyons, and the British Government on the matter. It is con- : sidered in aviation circles that, when the Dutch service is oper ating the schedule will be 6J days from London to Darwin, and 8J days to Sydney via Adelaide. It lo expected thnt the Dutch lino will llnlc with an Australian air line ot Darwin. The existing Brltloh o^vlce 'planes talco 10 days to Darwin, but thla will gradually be reduced to seven . days to Sydney with flying boats. , Tho representatives of Dutch Air ways In Sydnoy to-day declined- to .. discuss: tho maUov, saying tlioy had rocolvod no Information on the posi tion.;' ? ' ? ' 7 ' 1 ,!/ V ; It' Is understood that roolpi'ocal pro visions mentioned in connection with tho agreement aro ooncorneil with air oraft* facilities in tho Dutch East Indlos. ? ?; i It Is pointed out thnt tho (Juntas Em pire Airways files twloo weekly ovor about 1000 mlloB of Dutch territory on route to Singapore, using Dutch uoro dromoa. In addition it is planned that the flying boats of tlio British air ways 'schomo for Australia should take Bdvnntngo of Dutoh harbors. The prediction that In three years passenger stratosphere flights with oxyaen-filled cabins would be Introduood, was made by Mr. T. Miller, of tho Bureau of Air Commerce, United States Depart ment of Commerce, who arrived In Sydney to-day by the Awatea. : Mr, Miller will study Paolfio , con ditions, 'with a vlow to the ovontual granting of mall subsidies to United States air awvloos, , He will endeavor lo gain , somo estimate of the amount of mail and the ntimbor of passengers Ukoly. to bo carried on air services botween . the United States, points of the Pttoiftoj and Now Zealand. Although the Americans had no plans for : services between Australia nnd Now Zoaland, he said ugradmonts botwoon tho Governments- for the car riage of mall would be necessary whon tho British; sorvlco started. ?Although the Amorloaris had started l.lio trans-Paulllc B'orvloe, said Mr., Mil ler, ho expeoted to see competitive lines flying over similar air routes,. Air sorvicos, ho addod, like shipping, would bo compotitlvo. 