 AIR MAIL SURCHARGE TO REMAIN "FOR PRESENT' Full Details Of Agreement SUBSIDY OF £40,000 Sydney To London In 7½ Days CANBERRA, June 28. Full details of the Empire flying boat air-mai agreement between Britain and Australia were revealed tonight. The Bill, which will be submitted to the House of Representatives tomorrow, will provide for the retention "for the pre sent' of a surcharge on outward air mail from Australia, and for effective Com monwealth control over the Sydney- Singapore section of the route. The Commonwealth subsidy of £40,000 (stg.) a year minimum will be paid to Qantas-Empire Airways, Ltd., but shall not exceed £50,000. The subsidy pay ment will be increased beyond £40,000 to this maximum by 8/ a lb. for each Ib. of mail originating in Australia or its territories in excess of 40,000 Ib. The agreement also provides for a payment by the Commonwealth to Qantas-Empire Airways of 16/- (stg.) for the carriage of each lb. of mail originating in Australia or its territories, providing that the annual amount thus paid is not less than £32,000 or more than £52.000. It is provided that the frequency of the service in Australia shall not be less than three times weekly and. if in creased frequency becomes necessary, the Commonwealth will not be involved in any additional payment. Australian Personnel The ultimate total liability of the Commonwealth in respect of ground or ganisation is not to exceed £30,000 a year. It is provided that the Australian sec tion will be staffed by Australian per sonnel and that Qantas-Empire Air ways shall at all times have six approved aircraft available for the service An important feature of the agree ment is that all aircraft engaged on the Australian section shall be at the call of the Government in case of emergency, and all aircraft on the London-Singa pore section will, in these circumstances, be at the call of the British Government. If within two years the performance of the flying boats is considered un satisfactory, the position will be re viewed by an advisory board, which will be set up in London to supervise the scheme generally and will comprise re presentatives of the Dominion and Colo nial Governments participating in the scheme and the Governments of India and the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. The agreement provides for a progres sive reduction in the time schedule from England to Sydney down to an eventual schedule of 74 days. Provision Of Planes The Commonwealth has reserved tbe right to undertake major repair work 'and overhauls of Qantas aircraft in Australia, and also the right to con struct new aircraft in Australia, pro vided that this work is within the capacity of the Australian aircraft in dustry at the time. If this construc tion entails any additional cost to Qantas the difference will be paid by the Commonwealth- The first schedule of the agreement provides that the Commonwealth will not reduce its subsidy payments to the Orient Line because of the transfer of! mails to the air service, although it reserves the right to modify existing arrangements if and when it considers such a step necessary. Details of the ground organisation to be provided on the Australian sec tion are also included in the schedule. These include provision of suitable landing areas equipped with all essen tial aids to navigation, such as direc tion finding wireless, wireless bea cons, meteorological services, airport and route lighting, motor control boats equipped with searchlights, auxiliary launches, and mooring buoys. Regarding calls at the Netherlands East Indies', the Commonwealth agrees to reimburse Qantas-Empire Airways for the amount of duty paid on fuel and oil in that territory, but no respon sibility is incurred in respect of Singa pore. Hiffht Of Withdrawal The agreement is to operate for 15 years from the date of its inception— from August 3—but either party has the right to withdraw if it considers the arrangement unsatisfactory and incap able of adjustment. An interesting sidelight of today's de cision to ratify the Bill before the winter recess is contained in a provision stat ing that the agreement snail nave no force or effect until authorised by the Commonwealth Parliament. When the scheme comes into operation on August 3 the present Brisbane-Singapore ser vice will be terminated automatically. Should the flying-boats be deemed unsatisfactory at any time the contrac tor will be required to provide new ma chines on notice of not less than six months, and if this condition is not met the contract with the company mar be terminated. Stopping places on the Australian section will be:—Singapore, Batavia. Sourabaya. Buna. Koepang. Darwin, Groote Island, Karumba. Townsville, Gladstone. Brisbane and Sydney, and provision is made for increasing or de creasing this number. All first-class mail from 1^ will be carried by the air service for the lid. fiat rate. An important detail of the subsidy and mail payments is that each monthly payment shall average a minimum oj £6,000 (stg.), plus 24/ (stg.) for each lb. weight by which the average monthly load exceeds 333 1-3 lb. weight. It is provided, however, that the total of monthly payments made shall not average more than £8.500 (stg.). The contract provides for deductions of payments in the cases of unper formed trips or late arrivals, and the commencement of trips without mails is prohibited. Mails Have Preference Other clauses of the agreement make it obligatory for the company to carry passengers and goods according to the accommodation available. Mails, how ever, are to have first preference and in no circumstances may the contrac tor refuse to take any mails which are available. Should the flying-boats break down at any tinu\ the contractor must ar range for the expeditious delivery of mails at his own expense. In the clauses relating to personnel It is provided that pilots must not act !as ground engineers, or vice versa. Each plane is to carry two pilots, a wireless operator and navigator, al though one member may act in the dual capacity of pilot and navigator. I The Empire air-mail flying-boats are prohibited !rom being used for joy rining flishts. The Bill to ratify the agreement con sists of only four clauses, the whole, in cluding the preamble, occuDying less lhan 20 lines. The remainder of the document is taken up by the schedules ! | j ! KOBE.—The 20.000-ton whaler Kyokmyo Maru and 10 catcher boats were launched yesterday. 