 STRATOSPHERE TRAVEL. "Coming Trend." SYDNEY TO LONDON IN TWO DAYS. BY OUR AVIATION CORRESPONDENT "During the next 10 years high-speed transports will fly over the Empire, air routes at altitudes between 20,000 and 25,000 feet." said Mr. W. Courtenay, ex war pilot and aeronáutica] correspon- dent of the London "Evening Stan- dard," who arrived in Sydney on Satur- day in the flying-boat Capella, which brought the first non-suhcharged air mail from Great Britain "Special piessurc cabins must be designed lor these machines," added Mr. Courtenay, "and the British Air' Minister, ' Sir Kingsley Wood, has ordered specifications for an over weather type, carrying 30 passengers, and cruising ,at 250 miles an horn. At these altitudes 'there Is not much cloud, and It is possible to fly in i-ir devoid of bumps. This high altitude flying will bring London within two days of Sydney." Mi. Courtenay said thal Sir kingsley Wood teiilised the impórtame of civil aviation, and had made plans for the production of high- speed British air linois to catch up on ihe severe lag He had blown like a fiesh brce7e across the stagnant waters of British civil aviation. Mr. Courtenay, who files his own light ali - craft, was the only aeronautical correspondent invited to place evidence, before the icccnt Cadman Committee of Inquiry into Civil Avia- tion. Among his suggestions was a mission to i. ; United Stales, a compiehenslve plan foi the training of pilots, provided they would serve their country in a national emergency, and a concentration on high altitude machines. The De Havilland 1)5, Great Britain's answer to the Lockheed M (the type used by Guinea Airways between Adelaide and Darwin and by tin Dutch between Batavia and Sydney), would bo flying next summer, said Mr. Cour- tenay. These machines would carry 12 to l8 passengers, according lo lange, at a-cruising speed of 215 miles an hour. The keels had been laid for three flying-boats, with an all-up weight of 78,0001b They hod been designed by Short Bros, for Atlantic services. It would appear that no passengers would be carried across the Atlanlicby air until 1940. The Capella alighted at Rose Bay on Saturday at 5.45 p.m. under the command of Mr. 'P. Lynch-BlosS. Two flying-boats, the Calypso and the Capella departed &lt; from Southampton on July 28. About 114,000 let- ters left Southampton at the lid per half ounce rate, and many were delivered along the route. The Calypso and Capella flew be- tween Southampton and Sydney in'8 days 21 hours 45 minutes, establishing a new flying boat record. The'incoming mails Included letters from H.M. the King to the Acting Governor-General of Australia and to the Governor-General of New Zealand. 