 I DUTCH/ AIRLINE'S PLANS. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 3i_DAYS. New Douglas Planes. BY OUR AVÍATION OORÍIESPONDENT Mr tíans Martin, general manager oí Royal öiitcii Ahways (K.L.M.) Am- sterdam-Batavia service, said on Satur- day that schedules had been prepared for a three and a half days' air Joui'hoy from London to Sydney, and that it would be put into operation early In 1941. Mr. Martin, who arrived in Sydney by a ftoyal Netherlands ltiaios Airways (¡X.N.I.L.M.) plane, sala that, pUjvtdtag dight tests proved satisfactory, the tC.L.lvi Would purchase 11 oi the now ÜoiigUs D.C.4 álrtíraít tor Its service between London and Batavia. Àlthbugh the Douglas factdi'y had hot yet placed a purchase price on the D.C.4, they would urobabiv cost about £50,000 each. The K.L.WL wbUid fly the new air liners, Which crul&oa at 203 Hillbs an 'lour, between Amsterdam and Batavia, In two a:.d half days, and arrangements would probably be made by its sister company: the K.N.i.L.M.. to fly on lo Sydney In a day, PfcEëâURÈl CABÍN. Tho Dolittlflii D.0,4 air lli.erb would dcpari hohl Ariialei'dátó l.t 11 p.m., landing for the first time tit Athens, vvhero the jiüds would be repläcfetl by ehàlrs. , öasra woUid be the next stop, anú the machines' w'oüi'd arrive, at Karachi 24 hours out. The i.ther landing places before àwivljig at Batavia would be Rangoon ahd 8ing6,bpro. "An advantage oí the D.D.4 type will be Its pressure cabin," said Mr. Martin. "It will cruise aloiig the route of 94.000 leet, above the bad vvoathtíir btílbw whleh Is bften Uneom foHabie tor passenger*, The D.C.4 has bi>en designed for 40 pàstengcrs, mit it will be fitted out with sleopitfe occqjnri)oaation for 20 pas Bphgtííe vvneh flying botweeh Etii-ope and the Netherlands Ipdles. "Both the K.L.M and its slater company, the K.N.I.L.M., favour mitlti-enrined land planeii With alternative engine efficiency, in ease one or mole slops, (or ocean flying. The K.LM Ls coilsldei'irig ah Atlantic sei vice to link Holland with its colonies In the West Indies, but Is not interested in the Pacific, The, latter Is a matter tor the K.N.I.UM. to decide." _________^_ 