 LONDON-SYDNEY IN 2| DAYS. GIANT LANDPLANES. British Mail Proposal. BY OUR AVIATION CORRESPONDENT. Plans for a two and a half days' air- mail schedule between London and Sydney, with giant landplanes, which will make only four stops, are beins: considered by the British Air Ministry, according to the Society of British Aircraft Constructors, Ltd. "The Air Ministry has in mind the need to maintain the fastest possible service over the chief Empire routes in order that foreign competing lines shall not gather the cream of the traffic." says an official statement by the society. The new scheme, it is stated, contemplates the provision of fast, long-range "express" landplanes to supplement the existing flying lioat service, which is worked over relatively short stages. Since the inauguration of the Empire flying boat, .scheme on a nine and ' a half days' schedule from Southampton to Sydney, more than no per cent, of the flying-boats have arrived at Rose Bay a day. or more late be- cause of delays west of Singapore. On the other hand, the combined Dutch airlines can claim approximately 90 per cent, regularity on a summer schedule of eight and a half days, and a winter schedule of nine and a half days between London and Sydney, with pas- sengers from Great Britain and mail and freight from the Continent. Tile Dutch schedule between Sydney and London Is less than eight days. Tlie flying-boat which was due at Rose Bay yesterday is 48 hours behind schedule, and will not arrive-until to-morrow. The flying boat, listed to arrive this afternoon, is 24 hours late, and will not arrive at Rose Bay until to-morrow afternoon. This brings the total of flying-boats which have arrived in Sydney one day or more late to 56 out of 110. FLYING-BOAT SHORTAGE. Imperial Airways, Ltd., is now faced with a serious shortage of flying-boats for the operation of the Empire service. Eight of 30 ordered from Messrs. Short Bros, have ' been wrecked. One crashed at Lyons, one at Brin- dis!, and one at Athens. The Calpumla was wrecked at Iraq, the Capella at Batavia, the Coorong at Darwin, and the Cavalier on the Bermuda route. Now another is reported to have met with a serious accident in Africa. In addition, another made a forced landing on a sheet of water in India, another made a forced landing in the English Channel, and one was holed by a junk at Bangkok. This serious reduction of the Imperial Air- ways fleet is now reacting on the regularity of the deliver.' of the air mails to Australia. The British Secretary of State for Air, Sir Kingsley Wood, has announced that the pro- posal to supplement the fl'ying-boat services by fast landplane services, operating over stages of 2,000, miles, will receive careful con- sideration. _ "Empire air traffic has been oasea up io the present on the piinciple that mails and passengers travel together," says the statement by the Society ol Biitish Aircraft Constiuc tors "Last Chi istmos the huge ali mail loads offeicd along the Emplie routes obliged aban- donment of the principle Piactlcally the entile eapacity of the Impeiial Airwajs' fleet, augmented foi the puipose bv aim aft chai leicd fiom sevcial other companies, and even by a few militai y acioplanes was absorbed by mails Passenger weie peifoicc refused ' Foi years past " it Is added "critics have urged that mails weie delajed in the intei csts of passengers, who pieter shoit stages and rests at hotels along the way to the long stages and brief halts foi refuelling and ex- change of crews which are feasible with a 'mails only' sei vire CRUISE AT 235 MILES PER HOUR. ' Landplanes suitable for long-stage sei vices are already In construction m the 31-ton Sholl 14/38 four-englned monoplanes One will be a 'stiatosphere' alrllnei capable of cruising at 275 miles an hour at a height of 25,000 feet Maximum range of these aircraft will be at least 3 000 miles, on a basis of al working range of 2,000 miles only they could opeiate a 'foin .slops to Sydney' sei vice in two and a half days "Powei plant of the 14/38 giants will consist of four Biistol Hercules sleeve-valve engines, of which the latest example for civil use develops 1,380 horse-power for take-off Their specification pi o vides foi carriage of l8 pas- sengers, and one and a half ton of air mall Two ci aft in construction for flight at 'medium altitude' will cruise at 235 miles an hour In addition to aeccleiation of Empire seiviecs thev will be tiied, In all likelihood, ovei the North and South Atlantic " 