 LAST DAYS OF PEACE IN EUROPE AUSTRALIAN'S EXPERIENCES Grim Scenes in London (By a Special Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Friday. A fortnight ago I was in Berlin, preparing to go to the since- cancelled Tannenberg meeting; a little more than a week ago I was in London, watching school children rehearse for that evacu- ation which has now become a tragic reality; yesterday I arrived in Sydney, having travelled to Batavia by the last plane to leave Amsterdam befpre Hitler marched into Poland. When I left London the people were living in the middle of another crisis, facing that "emergency" which has turned suddenly to war. Already they were jesting about "doing their bit," and street musicians were playing again the old war tunes of 1914-18. In many offices seating accommodation had entirely dis- appeared; the chairs were in the air- raid shelters in the basement. Other offices suspended business, while the em- ployes tackled small mountains of sand on the pavement, filling sandbags instead of adding up figures. In fact, London prepared for what has come something on the lines of the prefix to many official letters: — Should a war emergency arise . . . A war emergency having arisen . . . The first statement Is now struck out as not applying. There was a feeling of calm amid the tension, a calmness which might have been taken by those who do not know the British temperament, for indiffer- ence. Having bought miles of black tape and acres of black or brown paper, covered up their windows and stuffed the chinks in the doors, made curtains of black woollen or black crepe de Chine — "it will come in useful afterwards" — prepared the air-raid shelters and the sandbags, and studied the A.R.P. book- lets, people watched with interest a giant scoop biting huge chunks out of Hyde Park to make more shelter trenches. Evacuating School Children But the rehearsal for the evacuation of the school children was not taken quite so disinterestedly. One felt that if the world could not be made safe for all those thousands of bewildered youngsters, each with some little parcels of clothing and food, each labelled with his or her name, and bound for un- known destinations in the country, then the world no longer justified its exis- tence. Only the mothers understood what grim disaster might overtake the children at any moment. Londoners pursued their normal lives as far as possible. Newspaper posters divided their interest between the lat- est football results and/or Chamberlain or Hitler, and women who were still enrolling in their thousands in the vari- ous national services did not forget that it is not necessary to be frumpish in a uniform. There was a great rush to obtain beauty supplies — face cream, face powders and lipsticks being stored along with the tea and cocoa and tins of kippers. In Germany In Berlin, one did not get the same feeling of preparedness among the civil population. Although there were con- tinuous movements of troops in the city, one man said it would be time enough for him to think about war when troops started to rush through the city in mo- tor cars, and anti-aircraft guns were obvious on the tops of the buildings. On August 24 the British Consul- General in Berlin, advised all British- ers to leave, and about midday a gene- ral exodus started from the hotels. But as fast as the English moved out, Ger- mans moved in. There was a frantic rush among Britishers to get seats in planes or trains, but planes were already booked four days in a'dvance. The train which left for Paris at nearly midnight was crowded, as was the train which left for Amsterdam. But most of the passengers in the Amsterdam train seemed to have been for stations before the frontier. Not many passengers ar- rived in Holland. I left Germany by way of Holland, after seeing Hitler arrive at the Chan- cellery from Berchtesgarten. Fewer than a couple of hundred people were on the pavement to see him, as he seemed to crouch down in the seat of his car. He Children from a London school taking part in an evacuation rehearsal. Since this air-mail picture was taken a few days ago, the rehearsal has become a terrible reality. did not acknowledge the presence of the crowd, most of whom wore, in addition to the Nazi badge, the circular aluminium disc which has been Issued for "The Party Day" in Nuremburg. After Hitler drove through the gates of the Chancellery the crowd drifted away to coffee-houses, which were well- patronised. Although it was to be ex- pected that there would be plenty of food in the hotels, I did not notice any short- age among the people themselves. Butter was rationed, but there seemed to be plenty of bread, even if not always of a good color, and wherever I went — to the gardens, the picture shows, the theatre in the poorer district of Berlin, in the trains, women seemed to produce an un- limited supply of sandwiches from capacious shopping bags. In fact, women seemed to be eating at every op- portunity, and if their menfolk were with them, food was provided according- ly. In Berlin, Cologne, Munich, I was astounded at the number of cake and chocolate shops, all of which seemed to be well patronised. "Brutal Nationalism" Except for the younger generation, in whom has been bred what an Italian described to me as "brutal nationalism," It appeared to me that Germans them- selves had as little sentiment for war as the same Italian who said, "We fight If we have to, but the heart is not in It." But whether they were the young women of the Reich, devoting their lives to educational schemes for children, or young men regimented into the army or Into industry, they talked of the Fuhrer without a great dear of enthusiasm; they admitted his leadership, admitted even that he had built a "new Germany," but refused to talk when asked if they would still follow his leadership If he led them into war. Germany, as I saw it, is a country which is somewhat terrifying in its or- ganisation and efficiency. Only in the Ministry for Propaganda did I find extra- ordinary animation when talking of Hit- ler's plans and prospects for the next four years — plans which, a fortnight ago included a gigantic building scheme for workers' homes, but not a war to destroy those workers. France, which I visited before Ger- many, had fewer evidences of prepara- tion than England. Always living more in the shadow of conflict than England, the French people seemed to possess a fatalistic resignation. In all flats and buildings were posted notices telling the evacuation plans for each particular dis- trict, and it was expected that these plans would be carried into effect without a hitch. Unhappy Italians I spent nearly a month looking at Europe In the Faster Fraser manner, and in Italy there was that feeling of un- happiness about the alliance with Ger- many which has since found expression in the Duce's declaration of neutrality. With the possibility of the tension snap- ping at any moment, Italians hoped that a way would be found to break the Axis agreement, and that In the future they would find themselves allies of Great Britain. Prague Air Port Special permits, very difficult to ob- tain, were necessary to enter Prague it- self, and the morning the K.L.M. plane landed at the airport with the malls, and one passenger shortly after the aero- drome had been reopened, the stage was set for a crowd of visitors who did not arrive. Outside the buffet were scores of blue and red chairs in the sunshine; inside the buffet were a dozen or so tables, each with one bread roll on a plate in the centre. On another table were a few flowers, a plate of peaches and a plate of postcards. In a glass case were a few cakes of chocolate. The immacu- lately clad waiter asked me if I would like a drink, and when I told him that I had no marks he said that English money would do. The hangars were closed, and the aerodrome, which used to be such a hive of activity, was "dead." There was an air of mustiness over it all, despite the brilliant sunshine, and the only other people besides the buffet attendant at the airport were a few soldiers, a cus- toms man and a couple of elderly women attending the cloakrooms. When I asked one of the women how things were she answered, "It will be all right" and scuttled up the stairs like a fright- ened rabbit. So much for the Nazi creed of "joy through work." On the invasion of Poland by Ger- many all night flying was prohibited over India, Burma, Malaya and certain areas were prohibited. This sunrise-to- sunset regulation meant that Captain Quirinus Tepas, In command of the Bulzerd, had hurriedly to rearrange his night stopping places. Unable to make the flight from Jodhpur to Rangoon in daylight, a night was spent at Calcutta, where we learned that England had entered the war. Germans Detained Captain Tepas last his first officer, a German who had lived in Holland and South America for many years, but was travelling with a German passport. Two young men who were on their way to Sydney to engage In the wool business were also detained. Next morning a German woman who wanted a seat in the plane received last-minute instruc- tions at the aerodrome that she would be unable to leave. At Rangoon the commander acquired the American first officer of a west-bound K.L.M. plane, which had crashed and broken its undercarriage in landing. Captain Tepas is one of six pilots who have not been mobilised for mili- tary duty In Holland, so that the air services to the Dutch East Indies can be maintained. On Saturday he will fly his machine from Batavia back to Amsterdam: permission has been given by the French authorities to the K.L.M. Royat Dutch Airlines to fly over France. 