 DANGEROUS DAYS IN EUROPE Philip Gibbs Studies Dictators "This Nettle, Danger," by Philip Gibbs. Hutchinson, London, and Angus and Robertson, Sydney. Europe's affairs in recent years have brought from Sir Philip Gibbs a series of striking narratives and impressive judgments, thinly cloaked as novels; and the latest of these "This Nettle, Danger," commands most serious attention. It presents Britain in relation to Europe — above all, to Germany and Herr Hitler; but Gibbs makes the observations through the keen eyes of an American political journalist, John Barton, sent from New York .to London as a Special Correspondent. The young American approaches Britain as an enthusiastic democrat, gravely fearing that the democracies (especially England) have knuckled down to the dictators, and that Abys sinia, Austria, Czecho-Slovakia, all represent "betrayals." He finds him self mixing with some of England's ruling and diplomatic classes — peers, ex-Ministers, and Ambassadors, and a few politicians— and from their talks- he presents what Sir Philip Gibbs presumes to be the settled opinions of upper-class England. To make "a story," John and 'his pretty sister, Judith, respectively fall in love with an Earl's daughter, the pretty Lady Anne, and her nonchalant ar tist cousin, Robin; and those two Eng lish types talk illuminating things. It is a . loose enough narrative, moving in sequence of time from one episodic situation to the next. At the beginning, in the voyage from New ' York, in the Queen Mary, all the travelling English folk are upset by what American papers have been printing about "Edward Eight" and "Wallie Simpson," with facts and surmises which were tacitly censored by the British Press all over the world. John Barton, a simple Ame rican diplomat, sees no reason why "Edward Eight" should not marry the American lady if he wants to, Philip Gibbs. but he quickly un derstands that among his English acquaintances the subject is rigor ously tabooed. At length, when the storm breaks in England, Sir Philip Gibbs gives a sym pathetic and digni fied account of the Abdication. When John Bar ton travels in Europe, the discussions on Germany have intriguing interest. One rhe torical estimate of the Fuehrer is given by an imaginative Irish-Ame rican journalist from Chicago. Says O'Brien: — "They (the English and French) think it is only, a difference between democracy arid dictatorship. Believe me, brother, there's more in it than that! It's a declaration of war be tween Wotan and Christ . . . Adolf Hitler, who runs this country, is one of the greatest men in the world. Don't you let yourself be duped by newspaper guys into thinking that he's a little fellow who is used as a puppet by wirepullers . . . This man Hitler is one of those fellows who get thrown up by humanity once in a thousand years or so — Alexander the Gr&at, Hannibal, Attila, Ghengis Khan, Mohammed. His book, 'Mein Kampf' is a gospel as powerful as the Koran and as dangerous to other forms of faith . . ." When the American journalist goes to Rome, and interviews Mussolini, one wonders whether Philip Gibbs is reviving an actual memory as the Duce says ironically: — "I wish to be friends with the American people, but the American newspapers call me a bandit from" time to time. You will go away, no doubt, and call me a bandit or an ice-cream merchant." At the end of the book you are not sure whether John Barton (or Philip Gibbs, speaking through him) at last awaits the flower safely out of the nettle, danger. — A.M. 